TANNUO PLIZ pop pop in before tannuo returns like we're done already gg think his dad was getting up in his business guys Major cs go update also if you have AMD then rip that's why i was lagging it's bugged comp all day long csgo was updating CSGO UPDATE HYPEEEE late to the party don't play csgo for a few days half the ppl are crashing so comp and hope the other team crashes than proceed to lose to bots there are invisible smoke glitches which can get u banned despite not doing anything don't use smokes ^ doesn't matter if you use it or not as long as someone throws a smoke tho the new Nuke looks really cool nuke it epic cow NUKE? that's my thing right how was the skumbag meeting was so skumbag I got skumed so much how did u like the movie and did tannuo fall asleep? LOL we all liked the movie xcept tannuo ofc and he didn't sleep we went imax super loud as fuck tru why didn't he like the movie? comppppppppppppppp?!?! dono lunch first comp later toni ahhh RUDY THE MAGICAL COW shia lebouff in a elevator anyone for league? toni?! lol he's not the government we want but the taxer we need league anyone midterm hell season rip season no one joined? rip the dream windows 10 makes weird noises never heard even one strange noise off of mine xD ah... if I backspace all the way it makes a melodious trring noise that it shares with some other notifications that confused the eheck out of me time to try league on the new laptop! had to since a trring noise could really be anything otherwise I can imagine we're all at tony's house, and Tannuo is sitting by himself at the table. Suddenly, Rudy enters with a bowl of Mom's Spaghetti, and then tannuo spins towards rudy in a rotary helicopter motion, crits animations him with a laptop, takes the spaghetti, starts screaming with adrenaline, and then finally consumes the food to recover. LOL what exam week? Just a typical day for Kaiba. I've been writing machine code for half of the day and if any of you have ever written in assembly language you know how painful that is a bit yeah so you know it takes like twice as long to write the C equivalent mhm that sentence was phrased incorrectly yup I know what I mean because of context opposite of what you meant but without context, it sounds like I'm implying C is harder yup yeah. and that's exactly what assembly language is like xD yup can agree assembly is terrible midterm is on monday ahhhhh man I miss C this took an entire page to convert yup glad I don't have to deal with converting shit like that yet it's 7 lines in C SEVEN LINES mhm the worst part is that it calls one function in another function so the stack pointer just grows to 20 bytes xD and you have to keep track of all of it Zain, I wrote mini os in asm I feel your pain Jokes on you my mom cant make spaghetti w00t now I can spaghetti all day get back to spaghetti? mom's spaghetti he's ready but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down the whole crowd goes so loud he opens his mouth but the words won't come out, he's choking now well guys I just finished midterm game anyone?:!::! sure any more skumbags? in 10min 4 pack is 1.79 k I guess I ll just get it and gift? If you are considering buying this game, even on sale: DON'T!
 LOL too late already bought gg its 2 bucks for 4 ppl LOL always scroll to the helpful reviews 84% positive meh yeah that's weird I would be down but no time to play :/ wut lol you going to study tonite? we can just try it tonight probably wont play it again XD nah i'm cool too tired/lazy to play anything LOL LOL 135.0.118.163 snowday tmro hype? REALLY?! actually nvm uw never has snowdays lol o and watch this if u havent already its hilarious kk sleep night! All that snow rip we didn't get any snow yet rip snow day you know that feeling the day after a midterm where you're sitting there sipping coffee and then suddenly you realize you did an entire question wrong it just comes and hit you once you've finally moved on from the midterm and then you suddenly realize you did yet another question wrong happy day such stupid mistakes gg HOLY SHIT Zain I just had that today well yesterday and today sigh gg I even realized what I did wrong on the exam but didn't know how to fix it and then just now I realized oh yeah, ic an do that to fix it that was baaaaad programming depends how nice/lenient the T.As are they could either give me a zero for those mistakes or just take off 1 or 2 marks We have two T.As one's a nice reasonable guy the other one's a dick but I guess he's funny so it's cool xD LOL RIP kk time to get fucked by other subjects Lol snow day starting at 4:30 after I am done thanks Glgl Zain rip marks gg still not even snowing hard here ... lol no snow here wtf just random snow day wowow expected snow op LOL and your on path LOL legit rip marks LOL SHUU whens your next midterm LOL I am done midterms WTF but I have a quiz thursday PLEASE CARRY TANNOU TO PLAT LOL I NEED ENTERTAINMENT what why thought tannou quit path ? he's back aagain o.O after riping kk so lazy tan is special typical wu, ending the call as always typical reported ?? ?? ?? ??? ???? ?????????????? ?> ! . I wonder if tannuo died hes not on path ?? gg RIP i didnt rip rip wheres tan tannuo have you seen the dbz abridged? Piccolo and vegeta are epic no i havent tans not here' you should watch it like you really should watch it when vegeta rages best thing ever vegeta pls game anyone? sure k heroseige hype? gg you guys should comp 135.0.118.163 brb err alright ok internet should be alright league? ROBERRTTT ROBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERTTTT IT'S ROBERT ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT ROBERTAAAAAA Zain join us no time ripz nippp ripp got like 3 different projects to work on maybe next week actually probs closer to end of april lol or I might just gg by the end of march, we'll see which comes first just gg yeah just rip I give up on school just fail out and flip burgers I just now got simon's messages about his mini os that's crazy dude rip my phone ooo leggo? FLOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP ? its tmro Lol gg rip tannuo Loool I mean what a flop floppp tony is a flop no you tony should show off his skills by going snowboarding agian lol only if tannuo goes snowboarding and gives up 30 min in please its tough all you could do was pizza on skis ^ and hit on girls on a snowboard welp rudy so why's today such a flop.... I have to go to school tmro for capstone LMFAO REAL guess gotta come back before 3 o.O why the random meeting didn't you already get tickets... no I have to lazer cut something can't wait o.O and yes movies at 3:50 tmro no need it asap LOL meeting on friday goodl uck than that's a longass commute FUUUUUUU I wonder if I can bus from the new bus station on 403 o.O can we get the tickets beforehand, just incase you get hit by something on the bus station on 403... i already got the tickets for movies I say you guys ditch tony snake like timmy spaghetti damn never go full spaghetti but on the surface comp. hes comp and spagetti anyone for league? may or may not be playing dankest dungeon is the dungeon really that dank? that studying gg everything is dank those memes league ppl? sec food league of feed? league of Leona + tryndamere bot lane kk good uh huh uhh nevermind going be busy no you're playing cuz i'm not coming out tomorrow you have to play today rules what a loser you should join can't wtf i'm on but not invited sooo i'ma be busy, wu go play I am busy pretending to study your the one that said league... i didn't say i would league i just said you guys should elague NEED 1 MORE Zain make up your mind hi guys oops O.o is this a group XD lol I saw a notification and had been looking at old groups what are you guys up to PoE-ing? i am not sure where my other usual partners in crime are they betrayed you @Tony, how is fallout 4? anyone for league? spent about 14 hours on capstone today fuck nothing works that's crapstone for ya rip u guyz still playing poe LOL I initially thought he was talking about hearthstone when I got the notification on my phone what are ya'll doing? has tony finally snapped? did rudy ever write that exam he's been preparing the last 6+months for? (how come I usually only get 3 days -_-) Has Robert's steam name changed from one bizarre thing to another bizarre thing? Is tannuo still raging endlessly? Has simon finally revealed his true nature as a Canadian spy pretending to be NK? Has Raza figured out what notification he truly received on his phone? I guess there are some things we'll never know.. ? oh Robert's bizzare thing is !Tannuo's thing Robert has the most strange steam names I've ever seen and my lists include names like buttdestroyer and rectumdesolater mhm went from yugioh to emojis to league to portal to memes like who wants to be Mai Valentine? xD I see rip capstone rip path ZAIN YOU ALIVE no he's ded I ded coincidentally in line with Rudy's return.. coincidence? fine i'll leave so what have u been up to rudy I heard you've been studying whats up Zain heard you were dead t'was resurrected as of 2pm today lies whats you finish capstone? classes all done capstone done woo almost all projects done (1 left) ready for exams? 3 exams remaining woooooooooooooooooooooooooo ready? meh really tired last two weeks have been really long time to play ranked with wu woa u gonna ranked with wu?! NO YOU do it man you do it just do it naw yes well good luck on exams! DONE CAPSTONE FINALLY OVER Wooooo Drink yeah how does it feel to be a free man tony doesn't know what to do with himself now that he's out  of prison life's so different on the outside lol 2 exams on Tuesday, can confirm still in jail oh but you'll probably be done early as well 22 I start around then and go to 27 xD damn what have you been doing this past month XD you finished capstone a while ago no? I've been doing projects 24/7 I dunno about you but we have a shit ton more work than capstone lol damn so many projects just like masters we just had capstone and another one well good luck such is lyfe we came up with comparatively the lamest project in our class audio encryption/password authentication system that uses frequency patterns as the key I thought that was pretty cool until I saw every other group xD lol someone made a real-life checkers player it will scan the board and make moves we're all like wtf xD well you just get something to scan te movements and use the algorithms online. put it on an ardino but yeah still pretty cool some guy actually made a real product to fit in with his research (filament trimming) tony this was a fully functional checkers player it would pick up and move pieces ohhhh capstone or just random project? random project LOL it was more impressive than any capstone project I saw better than half of our cpastones lol well its pretty doable for a capstone but as a random project its pretty tryhard yeah but then again, everyone's projects were amazing I mean its no oven right some guy made a cellphone damn using an Arduino like wtf xD he was sending texts and calling ppl in the class using it LOL I had the best capstone projecta it involved cake the cake is a lie I call bs on this xD crapstone I'm srs and I had the hard project i had friends who made flavored popcorn now THAT is bs LOL WTF CAKE IS HARD when its sugar reduced that is inb4 Robert's friend put random candies on popcorn and call it flavoured actually it was spicy chocolate flavored >.> that sounds intriguing tony I did real engineering here for the first time LOL it looks like you did electrical engineering and not mech can confirm the only real engineering in 4 years lol what what bout capstone that wasn't real engineering I didn't do a calculation and then make a design decision based off of that that was more like what works and what doesn't based on yolo LOL sounds like capstone you gonna watch tsm imt? yeah maybe a game or so have a team meeting at 5 then i'll probz start studying for the rest of the night lol I should start studying ya you should xD 40 ish hours left on first exam XD hey at least you will be free soon lol 3 adc imt 2 adc tsm legit adc meta holy fuck I think I might have failed a class you were going in with a 85... yeah i successfully did 0/5 questions gg time to have ribs and wine rip that's a bad sign thats like sign of legit failing lol pray w8t like just a assignment u got 0/5? isn't that not such a huge deal if u went in with 85 exam? lol 60% final  bro g g who the fuck makes a final 60% i just did 2 60% finals today gg well hope partial credit saves your ass np there is always lol thanks guys does the 0/5 mean they didn't grade you yet or like ur screwed/ maybe they didn't imput? ;9 :(* he came out of that exam and was like wtf just happened? play some league take the edge off or path LOL lol pathhh also no i prob got part marks i don't know yet i just know i didn't get 100% on any q dang tony that sounds pretty bad just remember everything's relative and hey, you might have even failed at failing when you're so bad you can't even disgrace yourself properly league anyone? sur I think you clicked on the wrong game time to watch ? oh come on tiem to watch no one play yee giv me some entertainment while I eat tony started path instantly after his sur play w mr.cow need at least 3 lol also wtf is going on wiith my laptop it knows it's 8PM but every single application is off by an hour skype thinks its 7 league is increasing all game times by an hour Robert's in a 90 minute game right now LOL so you guys wanna play league? if other ppl r down sure ay hes alive?> ! i had the worst possible exam schedule lol, exams on first day and last possible day WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF HES ALIVE GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG PATH HYPE what the tannuo O.O AP TRYNDAMERE respawned he was afk for 1 month because he tower dived at lvl 2 now he has returned to cheese no wonder death timers guys too brutal is tannuo still skrub yee tannou #1 challenger 5197296766 ? that's tonys twitch channel I'm aware exposed be sure to subscribe follow donate and follow his twitter myspace snapchat googledrive msn than why question it EH EHHHHHHHHHHH EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DONT FORGET TO LIKE AND FOLLOW ON YOUTUBE anyone wanna play something lol last free unemployed day rip lol rip what wat wut What Well boys Freedom. Officially done Engineering. GG. nice gratz you're done now for the MBA ROUND 2. FIGHT! soon.. soon my child hav a job yet? is everyone playing maple these days Canadians and their maple... kk opening packs stream jk patching but will screen share after don't have desktop did u buy packs? 20 2k gold how many old gods packs have you already opened, and did u get legendary from them 0 you should buy 40 to guarantee yourself a legendary no 10k dust\ hype you can't watch the screen on your phone right... nope patch taking froever sigh really need to do dishes lol what i'll do it after watching I guess legit was lazy doing dishes for 3 days I am going to be a while you do your dishes kk back patchin at 120 k gonna take like a year wtf intenert? yo wu just noticed, they never did nerf dr. boom they did ? they nerfed him all the way to wild format yeah but no dust refund well yeah no stat changes plus apparently wild format is so fast now that even dr boom is too slow lol perfect 1 2 3 4 curve or ripperino what so did you finish patching yet oh shit tannou didn't see your message got shit cards you? finally finished patching Oh yeah congratulations zain how'd exams go Zain probably catching up on some much needed sleep rudy pack openingggg hype call? sorry I was out today what's up guys There's a lot of excitement about hearthstone Or rather A children's card game. everyone is busy doing their own thingz doing things together? wut that's for noobs Playing maple of course anyone playing? yo lo who r u tring to call u rnt playing anytihng Maybe he's on uplay? gg reague? can't log in -.- #logged in before it went down so I'm still up nice #ritopls wtfleague y kick me out I thought u loved me league is a fickle mistress got in! any of u guys wanna play league in like an hour? sure sure how much is the delivery fee there? $2.50  but there's also $1.88 of tax and you're kinda expected to tip yeah so that's another 2 dollars so like an extra 6 dollars for the convevnience well the tax is always there so more like $4.50 where's this from? dominos pizza hut doesn't deliver to my place sounds about right ditto those bastards pizza hut has more expensive delivery tho but their options are better (here at least) dominos is like ok-good pizza pizza hut is slightly better imo but is oil-ier yeah Italian pizza is generally the best I just prefer pan pizzas but w/ Italian pizza you're getting far less volume for far more cost oh its already here wow that was like 10 min premade pizza this simon hiding all day spying from NK bruh gotta do overdue 'tasks' covering as student is too hard that's true i'll leave you to your assignment pls simon you can multitask the north taught you so much better pls you already have 2 jobs and can still handle school yay pizza hut gave me a 50% off what how sent me an email saying get up to 50% off ( it's random) and I got it damn I wish they had nice deals like that here I can pick up tony or if I'm at home I get 4 out of my 5 marks so far they can deliver killing it lol I wish I could say the same T.T they don't deliver to my college address but good job! uni address* final class i'm waiting for is uC lol microcontroller hypee 1 more to go for 4.0 hypeee glgl so tony u gonna play some quality league of legends I don't have my desktop there's also torchlight not installed here lol all I got here is civ you don't have league installed? lol ok i have it but i might lag my ass off :/ i am gonna play some league of legends its just at a very shitty quailty up to you lag only improves the quality xD where did the tan go hes on league hes on hearthstone ah I see him now Confirmed, zain has to set up wu whoa u guys r asleep soft wassup peeps hype lol y leafs won the lottery. ? r u guys watchignt he game one of my friends was watching the draft today with full intensity in the middle of a thai restaurant LOL I did it at home so u guys wann do somethin maybe some torchlight sure lemme grab some grub and i'll be back I'm in only lvl 20s rn tho you out levled us PLEASE HALP brb power lvl us senpai ... srsly lol bacj before we play can u watch this no I've seen a lot of music videos in my life call? but this one is really special Rekt xXperceptionXx Ch4osR3v0lv3r do u guys wanna try synergies only torchlight 2 k kk give me like 15 min might as well check the synergies compatible essentials if you're gonna be making new chars anyways sure all of you guys around I see that cow has returned too kk yeah watched the raps game HOLY HYPE new internet op op one of my friends has a 300mbps connection i'm like... yeah man gg but hey toni, just pretend you're gaming from china LL playing single player games I guess where you at rite now sauga or Hamilton? lol burlington wtffffffffff rip you're dead to us there for job? LOL job ok there more like forced volunteer so you're a slave Rip toni lol simon knows my pain Meanwhile I have 200mbps Internet and prob cant game much -.- lol much better where are you now same place LMFOA hm. interseting so hows it going Zain enjoying your break? going to japan tomorrow ye what hypeeee so far break has been good how long you there for? what? you heard em any1 for some GAMING ADVENTURES NOPE YOU LEAVING SOON OH OKAY I SEE HOW IT IS NO GIFT FOR YOU FROM DT TORONTO YEAH IM GETTING IT FROM AMAZON >: ) I WAS GONNA GO TO A DOLLARAMA OR BULK BARN BUT NOPE WOoWOW YOU COULD HAVE HAD WHITE CHOCOLATE COVERED PRETZELS OR AN ASSORTMENT OF ITEMS TOTALING $1.00 THAT'S $1.13 WITH TAX YOU SADISTIC COW. >: ( WHY YOU DO THIS WHERESM Y GFIT FROM AMAZON YOUR FACE IS A GIFT FROM AMAZON I KNOW ITS PRETTY EXPESNIVE I WENT THERE LETS NOT KID OURSELVES YORU TOO CHEAP FOR THAT >: ( FINE I WAS GOING GAME WIHTY YOU BUT SINCE YOU BEING A SALTLY BROWN GUY GOING TO JAPAN SOON IMA IGNORE YOU WE COULD HAVE HAD IT ALL ROLLING IN THE DEEP YOU HAD THE GAME INSIDE YOUR HAND, BUT YOU DIDN'T PLAY IT TO THE BEAT THAT WAS MY THIRD CHOICE GIFT FOR COW IN FACT IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A GIFT BASKET CONTAINING AN ASSORTMENT OF 'THEMED' ITEMS MY ARSE THE THEME, OBVIOUSLY, BEING ITEMS THAT OCCUPY SPACE BUT DO NOT PROVIDE USEFUL FUNCTIONALITY-- IN OTHER WORDS, SKUM. LEARNING FROM TONY gift him boston bruins stuff its his favorite team THAT TOO. DONT MAKE ME MAKE YOU START PLAYING MAPLE AGAIN WU lol LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLl try it YEAH, DON'T MAKE HIM. i dare you REAL OHHH BOY REALLLL DEMS FIGHTING WORDS LEGITTTTTTTTTTTTT CAO GONNA TAKE DAT?! NO TAKING BACK THOSE WORDS lets see you do it cow FIGHT EM back up your big words ILL USE TEH ULTIMATE WEAPON LOL i know what that wep is TONY WHO ARE YOU TRYING TO KID YOU'RE NOT EVEN ALL CAPS YOUR WORDS HAVE NO POWER BRO THIS ISNT EVEN M FINAL FORM WOA COME ON COW YO COW HE STEPPED UP HIS GAME DO IT JUST DO IT HE'S BRINGING IT USE YOUR SECRET WEP ARE YOU READY FOR IT TO BE BROUGHT CAO? IDK IF HE WANTS TO I MIGHT BE HIS FRIEND AFTER ARE YOU IN A RECEIVING POSITION DAAAAAAAANG RUDY SOFT wtf is wrong with this chat lol YO U A SOFT CAO TRYIGN TO BE A GOOD FRIEND SOFT COW IS SOFT CALLED SOFT GGGGGGGGGGGGg THAT'S YOU DAT YOU* GIFT FOR MY NEW NEICE OR NEWPHEW Lol What game btw? lol tannuo pls Vessyl wttannuo vat sure which game? lol just wondering y Tannuo is like idk gone LOL TANNUO sure depending on game oh we can bl2 new league champ seems sick I prbly gona buy lol yeah guys bl2? we can try to get to op8 we are at 6 right now right? k wtf wu whered ugo for the past weekish work all day 9 am to 11 pm LOL wow... rip y ? rip helping parents like with their business? don't u hav a eng job now lol lol nope I didn't submit resume yet no time but u moved out no? out of Hamilton XD ooooooo... lol I thought u were moving out i was thinking of subleasing somewhere in Hamilton lol LOL what why would you go to that dump i work there >>> lol really where downtown? 20 Morley St, Hamilton, ON reague? LOL ENJOY THAT I might have to go at some point that's why I am swaying away from it bl2? no wonder lol enjoy that? what do u mean lol y is nooone on bl2 LOL me you raza? we can 3 man the mountain for op lvls we need new gear\ because our old gear is now kinda shit -.- sandhawk kk leggo farm u should get good gear first b4 mountain dude op lvl firkin hard lolok skype? k btw u guys watching civil war yo I want to but no one is here to watich it LOL rip no one?... cow simon? Tannuo? when does Zain get back? I'm still around lol hi league? sure just finishing eating Tannuo and Zain are scrubs because they can't use skype. lol patching firkin league new items rip my aurlion sol robert try the item that gives you another flash league? actually anyone want to play orion w/me its like halo 1 w/better graphics wtf is that and its 20 cents remember when we screwed round on halo 1 lol reminds me of those day sa oh my god halo 1 trial holy shit those were the days right holy crap lol ? or anyone want to get op 8 lol and murk some raid bosses tan? we can raid boss op 7 I guess pls lol no more mmorpgs ? bl2 is not a mmo lol its pretty much poe with guns? uhh idk tony? and exploits but not as fun as poe I guess ya so its an mmo it gets boring after like 300 hours meh right LOL 300 is enough poe is like b oring after 800 hours O O O want to defuse some maybe 1k bombs w/me na poe is only boring when you die in hc lol lol what o ya tony u should try jungle malzahar while its still op can solo any of the 4 dragons at lv 2 can solo rift herald on spawn kk raza roberttt wanna do op7 tera? lol sup k kk LOL NVM I cant don't have it installed here rip lol plz installing it only takes 15 minutes anyways ;D bomb defue anyone? defuse what its a game let me try this malz jungle on a custom game lol seems really broken lol yo lets all paly draw my thing lol .................................................................................... lol k with 4 people its going to be shit lol why not enough ppl guessing maybe I can get lucy and rudy that's 6 lol nope nvm bomb? this guy well wants to blow up so bad no one wants to go on bl2 or draw so I cant y not lol I'll playyyy now all we need is cow and we got 6 Mafia? LOL lol we need like 8 for that no? k call No 7 LEAGUE if league: ban: TRYND, LEESIN, RENGAR LEAGUE LEAGUE LEAGUE my ting? chink? pce give me back my hour lucy alright guys game? sure On campus without mouse rip If I find a way home soon and you still need more I'll join then kk what game o.O quality reague of regends? both lucy and tannuo in game I cant civ no desktop it comes in 2 weeks gg............. think my intnerts derping logging on is taking awhile... 32 minutes till bus lol what my interent is fine so yours is fiene too and we both dc and lose yeee ranked too back home Tongs sleeping pls tongs awake is tong awake? no hey anyone here? nope rip hi I really want to buy a knife in csgo -_-' And at the same time. I don't Did you trade Drew his? LOL yeah I gave him his knife also warren I found your birthday present You guys don't need to get me anything don't worry check facebook LMFAO -_-' No thanks wow so rude lol such troll I spent os much time trying find the pefect gift mmh ZZZZ dont you like random ass fruit tea? =/ >.> ya ya haha btw warren I bought everything just waiting for components to ship ... cant wait nice! bought a 980 ti because it was on sale for 150 150 off jeeze that's pretty good Ya, I would probably have done the same what company? err zotac I think or evga one of those 2 evga is good Zotac is hit and miss ohhh lets hope its evga XD I mean, either way it'll be fine I'm sure anyways I googled it before hand apparently the reviews are pretty nice so I was like fuck it It's on the top end so I doubt you'd run into issues yeah, shitty thing is the mobo takes like 1-2 weeks to ship .... Good mobo though z170 watching a bunch of videos on youtube of a guy that runs random old viruses They're pretty entertaining to watch lol warren you watch the weirdest things also game of theonse on tonight They're kind of awesome!  There's one that's a worm that 'melts' your screen and deletes your bios xD It runs an animation that looks like your screen is melting and when you try to boot again your bios is gone completely bricks the comp can you not just get another hdd? Dude, your bios is on your mobo lol and mobo XD you MIGHT be able to reflash it maybe its late I am tired dont judge me ... You'd have to reflash/ get a new mobo and nuke your hdd nyone down for overwatch comep lay draw my thing overwatch open beta ends tmrw dudeno lol unless draw my thing also stops tmrw come play w us tmrw lol im sitll dling SRSLY lol it took me firkin 2 hours... im almost done sweet just come play dmt ? draw my thing but but y lol its fun we're already playing the word was chest T.T It's ok Tony Tong* which is a tool >.> Wu Tong I am always the sharpest tool in the box The one and only I'm back bitches.. and other people in this convo who are not tony/rudy wb how was the trip? awesome though I spent a lot of time food poisoned first air Canada snaked me and then street food air Canada huh? so you got... snaked on a plane hai Sucker naw rudy he is the snake on the plane but that really sucks Otherwise, Japan is pretty amazing. I don't think cow would survive, way too much cheaply available food. Can confirm death in 2 days BRo I need to go there too legit full meal in 500 yen approx. 5 dollars vending machines every 100m 2-3 convenience stores around every corner lol so china since the restaurants are small in size, there are so many it's bewildering lol yeah that's normal biggest differences are in the culture and people though everyone is extremely polite there no garbage anywhere (there are also no garbage cans; you are expected to either recycle or carry it back home with you to dispose off) 0 wow dats something yeah it's so clean makes Toronto look like a garbage hole xD lol but it is XD ppl there are also all fashionable everyone there looks like they stepped out of a magazine there's no slob or weird person in the crowd wearing something that doesn't match LOL that's me it's like they actively put in effort every single day into their outfits there's also this traditional-modern-anime fusion going on anyone want to play league? welcome back Zain btw seems like a fun trip thanks Robert I am gonna be like 1-2 hour till I can get home i read ur comments mad jelly lol sadlife job cant travel :/ haha oh yeah at some of the curry shops they advertise anime I saw yugioh posters staring back at me in a traditional curry shop these aren't even in the anime areas/districts yugioh is still a thing NYWHERE in the world? di u get to go to akiba ? akihabara* and yes mad hentai there there's a very thin line between anime, ecchi and hentai you can legit transition from the kids toys section to the figurine section to the x-rated section in the same shop with no borders 0 Robert must be super jelly LMFAO it's really funny actually xD naw not the anime stuff but the culture should be great to experience in all srsness yeah it was amazing! I really like Japanese people, they're so nice very willing and excited to interact with foreigners also legit they can do english japan has the most amazing toilets in the world right? LOL how so they can do a little bit of english the younger generation at least but it's pretty easy to communicate using a Japanese-English hybrid and it's also a lot of fun trying to understand one another when you finally succeed, both parties feel like they've accomplished something were u there for like business? went with a group of friends Toilets:
1) heated seats
2) Built in shower head used to clean your rear with customizable pressure and temperature control
3) any tissue or other waste is dropped directly into the toilet and flushed away 
4) all of the bathroom stalls are like small private rooms because they're so robustly built and segregated from the outside world
5) in households the basin to wash your hands is built into the top of the toilet. When you flush, the tap turns on and begins to fill the toilet's water tank using clean water. You can wash your hands at this point which is an extremely intelligent system because it reduces water consumption by so much! (clean water is used for washing hands and then leftover goes towards toilet system) 6) some toilets also have an air drier built into them the cleaning thing it always seemed awks to me idk if it just me the rest seems amazing... lol the monies spent on that kk guys sup bored game nyone? sure can we play something other than league lol so bored of it hmm not multiplayer ones at least I hav a copy fair fair league then? sure tony u wanna leagu? tony or anyone lol ya offer extended to cows as well no one 4 leagu? wow sad say making formula sheet Robert, it seems that you've been...condemned. >.> -_- Anyone want to play draw my thing? lol was asleep zain right here Tony, I don't even know what to do with my perandus inventory I have stuff to make like 4 builds where the heck are all the skumbags they're up to skumbaggery eating ca-caoo forget eating let's play something (also please send food) nah eating than watching the ball game seto, I know you're lurking as well hi kaiba did you know that in Japanese curry shops they're advertising the new yugioh movie which you are in so legit the menu and poster's have a picture of yugi serving you curry aaw shit kaibacorp marketing going all out so Zain what happened to gaming learning how to use Discord seems pretty slick lol really? I found that it's super easy you just give them a link and they join too complicated really I've tried audio quality better than skype it's hard and less network/hardware requirements than skype seems like win/win I've dropped the link here quite a few times. no one clicked. might just be cause it's me tho. haha well for all those times in the future where someone can't join skype cuz of lag I know I've seen you link it once.. exposed it may have been in the league client some of the times ........that no one reads last time I think Robert was the only one to join and then he left :/ rekted ^ wait YOU JUST SAID NOONE JOINS YOU LIED cow I had kobe beef in japan in your honor .... >.> and didn't shre they massage the cows WHERES MY SOUVINER FROM JAPAN (Toronto) and give them a good life Let's play mafia how 2 play? I r stupid? WE SUCK AT MAFIA rudy sucks at mafia Lmao legit the one game NOONE but you can play we just kill tony off And this is why you learn! to kill tony off? Kill Janna! and plus we don't have enough hpeople is mafia like Avalon? or Werewolf? its like mafia cuz I like those games yeah ahahha Yep I think its like werewolf man I have this one friend It's both who's so bad at lying so not wu I can just look at him and tell if he's the werewolf LOL he doesn't even need to speak Rip Zain ruining the fun that's just him tho can't lie RUINING THE FUN so kill Zain right? YO COW sup IMA MAKE A DISCORD THING JOIN ME kk Join the league of scumbags channel i have discord its honestly pretty good Yeah, i'm very surprised by the overall polish and quality fantastic Kaiba join seto y u no join voice chat holy crap work internet downloading at 6 mb/s O.o toni whats up playing league game 2 hard LOL I wish I could play league we have worse communication/synergy than tsm LOL whos playing you rudy raza who else? tannuo? Not tony Lul it was just him and tannuo at the end rudy left lol I hate you rudy rage quit I was in a call got tilted by crap team rudy has work early tomorrow aka us LOL tan taking the bus home I r chillin lol rip the dream team play w lucy i know rite nah man she's too good shes having fun laughing at me #heavy lol ya man Lmaooo I got demoted Yolo shes only 10 ranks higher than us now see 2 victories in a row on twitch boss shes not that good dude she's plat 2 wtf shes streaming?! i am like bronze 3 I'm like paper 5 watching the raptors actually HYPE THE STREAM ZAIN rudy made the age old mistake of venting his tilt by watching the Toronto teams that lose everything only down 10 in the fourth tony we need you to carry us by we i mean the raptors get on the court man rip tony's back we're down 10 need you to carry the raptors ok guys we should play this mafia game and i already know who the bad guy is it's tony kill tony nah we need to send him to prison lol I am busy dieing already already in prison that could be a new pop song Already in Prison why are you at work at 10 PM? 10/10 worth i am busy
busy dieing
in a prision
never let out Already in Prison- Tony Wu ft. Rudy already, already, already in prison LOL pls replace prison with elo hell and you got Zain raza and lucy LOOOOOL please, my elo hell is on a different lvl wood elo hell so tilted i think it's straight cao yeah heard that still same problems as with last album think it was out when you were in japan? can't really hear the guitar >.< Bronze CXIV but the bass line is funk it's really sad how the new guitarist has like 0 confidence i wonder whether he's playing the piano on this DO YOU HER IT when frusciante was in the band, the guitar and bass would be equally prominent sad dayz wtf newegg just gave me a free mobo asus z170 too how? no clue wut pliz share ur good luck no I have to refund my z170 from amazon sighhh ? dis guy but you're still getting a free mobo? mucho skum maybe I did it wrong maybe it came with the graphics O.o yeah theres no way a z170 + 980 Ti + 750 gold power supply comes to below 1k they definatly gave me the thing for free probably maybe the 980 ti newegg generally has random deals nope I just checked tony: buys next gen pc, plays league of legends and hearthstone yeahh just waiting on my new core now time to spectate lucy see the plat 2 janna plays hype ^ who's still here rip sorry I fell asleep wth y r u up at firkin 7 30lol lol that jetlag from zain Early riser gg I had to give the most intense blood test this morning of my entire life on drugs so soon gg it was crazy the doctor like ticked every option on the sheet -__- even the nurse was like... hmmm.. wtf before she started, she was preparing the tubes and she kept pulling like 2-3 out at a time and i'm like wow that's a lot of tubes... and she's like... yeah... when she reached about 8 I started getting freaked out and she's like, ok, half way through then I just rip'd 's a lot of blood yeah it was about 16 tubes at the end might have been more I stopped counting at some point O.o what was dat a very short call tony? or u? idk well it's one or the other no one else takes the initiative ? I just remembered there are a bunch of peeps in this call go on discord i am on discord your mic is muted on discord i'm aware watching my friend live stream from nova scotia so who was trying to launch that call? how do u use discord click that then download the thing LMFAO my mom has rudy listed as RUDDY COW LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO that's different... why does your mom have a listing of rudy do you not find that disturbing gus guys civ 6 is coming out HYPE yay i'm so excited I just can't hide it lol for some stuff lol lets lan party at someones house (Zain) maybe it'll be as good as beyond earth hype. hypeee about beyond earth: Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 11
This game was so bad it's affecting my decision to preorder civ 6. At tonys of course naw any civ stuff has to be at zains house best I ruv it. there's no one in this skype chat that is as hyped as me about this lol Zain so much hypeee so what's up tony I haven't spoken to you in a while tannuo league? offer extended to rudy and cow as well but you guys probably can't handle this level of tilt lol at work still XD do you work from home? do you fill out surveys for a living lol nope oh ok so you do offers instead my guesses:
1) rudy too tilted
2) tannuo playing hearth
3) tony is performing a night life job Eating we need you to carry us because we are bad. but we don't feel bad need to sleep so tired eating cow? you're asian you eat at 6:30pm don't even liee bro i'll league ok naps op haha cow there's an anime about someone like u Tanaka-kun is Always Listless I think you would like he's like u in hs except he's not a food muncher plus the opening theme is really nice ok going home and crashing now ttyl gl on your league adventures thanks man enjoy your sleep in 1 hour ZZZ dang what is itabout better be about food munching cow u wanna play? uhh I can play one join DISCORD chat endless legend is amazing its much better than civ be hey nothing is better than civ civ is life LOL spoken like a true beliver another night no sleep rip tony-ah, what to do? tony ah so screwed reague of regends anyone? discord come kk gonna need a link fuck skype its garbage uninstalling it room 138 pw tryn GG rekt g'night link? NK is on league so he is waiting for a racist cow we get 100% ip boost over this weekend for a 5 man time to go afk over the weeknd yup turkey is number 1 apparently they get a 300% boost tan man league? sure lol only 2 ppl league we got simon too u wannz play tony? or 2 sleepy lol yeah gotta sleep wake up at 6 tmro aw lol thanks k shower 15 min also tannuo happy birthday if it is your real one Rekted It's not it is thanks being late for final exams is so much fun T.T Another one bites the dust and being late is your own fault yep you should be there at least an hour early went to bed at 10pm TTC/GO break down so often I usually get there 2-3 hours before woke up at 1am gg ahh that sux yup nerves? yup that happened to me for one of them managed to fall asleep again by 3/4 and then woke up at 9am ended up only sleeping for 3 hours 2 down I'm not nearly as far from campus as you were though so it was a 15 minute trip had half an hour left for my exam prof was cool about it though my brain however was not haha how many left? 1 niceu when is it? tomorrow 10:30 tho ohhh snap good luck almost free yup was finishing the third equation sheet for it grats anyone for league? Tony is a scrub because he's never around to use Skype. yo any1 want to join for league? need 1 more for full party hint hint tannou missed opportunity, could've called it skumbag tony you named yourself skumbag? Lol ignored  your face was ignored how was l4d? your face was l4d my face is always ignored Zain gives you no face i'll make tannou challenge you to a duel to regain my honour pls nobody listens to cow >.> its true D= it's ok cao >: ( no no its not so what are you guys up to how come u never hang out anymore I miss playing board games while tannuo sleeps because tannuo is busy sleeping and raing ragin* i'm just bad at league and should feel bad nah man you good cow carry make dem guinsoos ashe plays hm simon + rudy + TONYAH #NAME? Where's zain playing elder scrolls rip the dream team league anyone? rip the dream well ordered Chinese food instead so win? i'll league tryndamere 1 down  3  to go soooo... anyone else? at work need to call air canada lol what why mom needs to stay in china, everyones getting sick :\ oh man that sucks =/ Yeah sigh Nah not my mom just fam rip rudy moms side fam Yep....such a shitty year I can agree to that why arnt you at work rudy? Sleeping LOL living the dream Best life how can you be sleeping but messaging on skype something is amiss! Sleep typing ooo mucho skilled cow well it's more impressive than the other documented case of that Tannuo having a identity crisis on league an* Tannuo having a identity crisis on league, and noone likes a smartass no one* ? ah anyone for league? LMFAO everyone died :/ gg no re play overwatch instead but +100%ip o srs *witha5man yup party ip comes and everyone goes mia rip everyone gg well it is long weened maybe they all went to hang irl w/out us rip well tonyys aat work on a sunday? o his parents place Zain is taking an arrow to the knee I dunno I just assume tonys at work these days 16 hours a day 7 days a week working WOOOO ... FML Wtf And 8 hours of sleep? srsly.. rip lol 6 hours of sleep XD Wow 2 hours dude what hav u been doing lol fam business? toni gonna be rich yeah fam business btw no tony gonna be poor yeah? game of something? nope at work still LMFAO we should all hang out some time tho maybe when seman is back and Zain is not deadarino sweet STILL AT WORK LOL do u like ever get time off  Zain is dead confirmed why does freaking skype update so much lol rudy is unable to join the call because he has not updated skype Sad life wow I'm totz alive sure you are that sounds like something a dead person would say your face is a dead person..? you are a dead person. yeah, your face is a dead person. Glad we agree. pls zain Gg end of the world as we know it Zain awake at 4 am what gaming all night nah early riser can't sleep until 5am btw you guys wanna hang out some time soon leggo at wu;s always at wu's of course we always invade I remember random ppl would go to his house and just use it for basketball aka Zain did that please do I look like the type of person that plays basket ball it was a group of azns yes also anyone want to overwatch w/me hella fun ^ if u buy it for rudy, he will play w/ u if I was rich id buy it for everyone alas poor Roberta rip roberta lol alright the next time I get a day off so never alright pack it up boys i got half a day off today XD time to just go to wu's and start playing basketball at his place do we really NEED wu LOL Nah just need his place league anyone? soon running out of things to do in skyrim lol built new computer no hdmi cable for the monitor sad life is sad lol tony sad hey anyone awake? yeah damn only 1 skumbag on ya what's up tony how have you been man I feel like I haven't talked to a real scumbag in a long time hey Zain haven't talked to you in a while yeah work keeps on getting in the way you're working hard it seems hopefully raking in the $$$ you can go on dates with all the azn girls lol all the 0 Asian gilrs don't worry i'm sure there's a scumbag out there for you lol haha so what's up how come you're awake so late work late tomorrow at 3 woah also have to build computer today oh another one joins the fray I saw you simon Simon Song is typing... yo zain is this the new op machine? if you only have an ssd, do you have to install os via usb? or do you have to format the disk first installing on an ssd is the same as installing on an hdd if a windows installation already exists u need to format but installing on an hdd, os usually comes with it XD oh ok cool what HDDs are you buying man no hdd only ssd XD do you have a disk drive? oh LOL 500gb ssd that's it aight then go with usb sigh yeah probably going to do that tonight it's not that bad, I've done it a few times it only takes about an hour ahh ok all in all the bare os has nothing in it formatting the disk though can take a while depending on how it is being formatted you might want to start with all the components outside the case just to make sure it boots up and everything is running lol i already installed everything Xd oooh ok just os installation left? dude that's ez man yeah run a memory and stress test after you're done to make sure ram is operating correctly and system cooling is working if you have an asus mobo, the software package that comes with it can do that for u yeah cool probably gonna do that speaking of which Robert was looking for an overwatch buddy you could be that buddy anyways tony did you wanna play something or chat? otherwise i'ma head to sleep lol yeah amma sleep play with you tomorrow after i figure out mos? my os sure nite talk to ya then metal oxide semiconductor? gn lol waht wut? oh dang I missed a perfect opportunity to say your face is a metal oxide semiconductor LOL real oh lol I just got that MOS from MOSFET LOL NIGHT lol ohh i see i'm tired i am a bad elec eng ya man, we're garbago btw I had a LOBSTER RORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLL today that is all. goodnight. LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL robster roll I have a pic looks real good szz my phone is buzzing none stop we're sorry simon we will stop good night all nite rudy wants to play league someone play with him I would but I'm in the middle of nowhere in a hotel with shitty internet nah overrated i'll play a bot game want to join? sure gg simon salt ? hey tannuo whats up hi rudy says your league skills are inferior to zains and by proxy his own yo we should shit talk lucy she wonl't read this anyways (no one comment so she will definitely see this) random question guys how do u help guy friends get over being rejected by a girl tony is an expert ask him just be there to talk to him if he ever needs, mainly it just takes time\ and another girl? I heard that advice too lol yeah probably\ but he ll get over it with time it just sucks for the time being here is my advice introduce him to hentai -_- srsly tan srsly looooool lmfao league guys? need 2 more tannuo has the real advice kk I sleep nite lel robert coming? how bout overwatch i would but no have too expensive $80  PLZ no dude its 40... it's $80 it's $60 usd which is $78 cad without taxes 40 for base verson do u rly want the 60 version with a hs card back... lol go on league ? ah ok so it's $60 in total but but hs tho still not worth in my opinion I mean overwatch lol we have 4 just play if it's half price then yeah dude this is blizzad not firkin steam lol wtf r sales yeah but $60 too much for a multiplayer game lmfao problem solved boys TONY MUCHO SKUMBAG TONNY TONNNNNNNNNY os-scape.com/download.html add pokemonsters cow is here you can play w him that was all right? wu is a scum sleep night g'night nite ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT ROBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERT ROBERTT ROBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERT ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTA PLS -_- ow? ya it hurts yo can someone send me a link to an online stream of nba finals im bad and cant find this stuff if anyone wants to watch it with me naw but I can leagu with u or overwatch if Robert buys it for everyone :') dude ur rich just get it lol =/ after the steam sale ~ hi are you going to buy overwatch for everyone raza? I'm among the most stingy here So no I disagree Tannuo has bank but doesn't spend a dime his pc is also from the prehistoric era His room doesn't have air conditioning his uses a $5 mouse without a mouse pad he runs gp10 runes I don't even think he goes for haircuts he's trying to rock the seto kaiba look I I didn't say I was the most stingy I think everyone but Tony here is reasonably stingy TRUE I'm actually not stingy, just disinterested you seem interested in making others do it For the sake of the many we sacrifice the one be the sacrifice zain nah no interest~ but I think you or Robert can do it nope actually you and Robert are ironically the most stingy Rudy and Simon spend mulla on drinks the group is larger the group is everyone here everyone is stingy to a degree unsure of where I stood exactly i said among dayum so basically you'll buy it for everyone then? no you'll buy it for everyone I think Zain really wants it for free rip lol LMAO ROBERT PICKING UP THE CLUES nah he's not interested detective Robert ahahaha But if he was truly smart He would realize something fairly obvious and that would solve the entire case but none of you are anime lvl protagonists that this was you all along? anyways that aside, what's up guys YOU HAD ONE JOB TANNUO gimme a working nba finals link all of them are getting shut down lol go to a bar and watch for free does it look like i go outside yeah well you don't normally teamfight either things change press R nvm found one holy shit a working youtube link the godsend raza killing it google-fu too strong and also ruining our chances of playing league with the spindamere its last quarter over soon kaibamere* tryneto vegaiba 4th quarter and only 80 points damn even game who are you rooting for tannuo Cleveland? warriors i hate lebitch damn isn't this series already over tho? its 3-3 I thought warriors already had enough points to ripppppperoni ohh ok oh shit man Stephen curry carry hmm i don't really care either way very close well rip lebitch gonna win yee lebitch LOL the stream died lol goddammit welp the copyright police claimed another channel k w/e cleveland won according to nba.com curry cant hit 3s for shit put me in coach can u even layup bro gg league anyone? im lagging just means you have to ult half a second early go overwatch boyz costs money mo money mo problems spend it alll I'm poor i'm like consistently one button click away from buying it then i'm like gg no re ok we can league im kind of not lagging sort of who's in? robert and steve who the heck is steve simon?? guess he's not here wow LeBron lebitch tony u home? Lol this burn at tannuo nonexistent haircut rudai Sup nm just playing the hardest games of league Oh double agent style? yep brb in 15 min kk I here hi tony hai sup guyz sup brb shower tony had a great game of csgo this morning A+ between that and the last league game... I think i should quit gaming i see speaking of league presequel? lol what so zain ya toni how was your work adventure teribad how was your gaming adventures teribad so game? I'm down I brought my razer mouse back so I don't suck at csgo LOL csgo is a lost cause that game is too hard lol we should learn to play something ez lol like what like overwatch if raza/Robert buy it for everyone lol fuck overwatch =( I have to stand up to this bullying LOL tonyahhh tonyahhhhh? tonyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh tonya op soo gonna practice some csgo don't do it tony csgo is evil it will poison your soul already poisoned from playing w cow but how can u be that poisoned LOL PLZ JUST GET OVERWATCH U CHEAPOS csgo too cancer Yeah but it's cheaper man cs go is cancer can confirm pls play csgo so good worst game na literally Nah that's bad rats yeah what type of snake would buy that game and then get an extra copy for someone else WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU what's the plan for Wednesday clubbing get rekted Earlier in the day, we are travelling with Wu to purchase a dress shirt and perhaps follow that up with a movie. when did this happen We are hoping to formalize a time with the individual named Tony (William) Wu as he is the key actor in this play. This data became available to me day before yesterday sir. doesn't tell me... he should totally go for plad anyone wanna play anything/ Nah gamed too much already I too sleepy was out whole day tired LIES HE JUST HATES YOU wow exposing me like that cow no shame You're welcome Thanks man we all know zain hate certain ppl one job tannuo Wow is to feed in league The only people I hate are Tony, Rudy, Simon, Tannuo, Raza, & Robert so everyone in this call? Nah, I don't hate Sharon Yeah sharons pretty cool unlike wu That would be rude; I cannot express such disgust towards a stranger. his friends are all better than he is ^ minus zain zains a snake I'm sure over time I will come to hate Sharon as much as I hate you Rudy, but until that time comes, you don't need to be jealous. I will be i worked hard! Hah. HOLY SHIT ZAINS ON  A INNING STREAK WE MUST STOP THIS AT ONCE no I like how raza through out an invite as soon as he saw that he's like THAT'S MY CHANCE nope u guys can't snake me I learned the secret to league Bush camping. sightstone? oh best ganks ^ lool also got my lvl 7 Leona in 5 games worth congratulations Simon taught me how to last hit champs. congratulations* you mean wu? That's true Wu taught me and I perfected the technique with Simon But I can't KS tryndamere cuz that crit animation is op. Op No wonder tannuo only trynds reague of regends? cs of go? lool we just started bot gam rip RIP whos playing me raz zain Ripppppp yeah I just got told I am going on Wednesday by 3 ppl ZZZ i hate you rudy LMFAO who i know santa's little helper ppl from work whens the movie happening i guess i am baby sitting central intelligence? no since we are at square one we'll drop you off and than you can uber home go enjoy yourself wu LOL TRUE tony call limo LMFAO pick them up best idea k done see why simon should be your guide and not rudy yeah simon you mvp rudy u league? nah so sleepy zzz who the heck is Sharon lam lol She is a challenger Vayne player She caries tony on her smurf in ranked How do you think tony gets to plat each season? Individual skill? lol. Oh my bad lmao she's not challenger only Master now but still good I mean better than anyone else in this group LOL rip wu forever high silver y the heck r u all going to movie wed and not tues? because I was busy today ^__^ rip :/ which movie btw? not sure yet Cow told me wu wanted to watch something specific finding dory secret life of pets ? league anyone sure he said but that's not a movie name I think he meant Now You See Me 2 No we dont ^ bull shit. You said I was pretty cool Relative to tonys friends Not saying much ^ Sigh fine it was more of an insult to the rest of us anyways So tannuo you not comming to lcs right? nop But nap time at acc O.o lol think tannous not going because he says he falls asleep watching lcs game guys? or everyone sleweping Both join discord Nah Today is the day Zain uninstalled. wait tony so ? 12:30pm tomorrow? your place? and are we going to Sq1? sure sq1 after is that earlier or later in the day later in the day I still need some sleep because you know i'm right here anyways ohh lol should we just go to your house then? I have ppl staying over so what do you wanna do we can either:
A) go to your place
B) meet at sq1 up to you the question is if I come to your house earlier will we be doing stuff there for a few hours? or are we going straight to Sq1 we can hang out at my house if you want we can play munchkin or something ok sure we can play some board games or ping pong kk aite see ya there at 12:30 kk now we have to tell rudy who already fell asleep rip kk of course roberta you are always welcome don't you have work? and yeah you are welcome to come if you have time Dude I start at 2 30 do u want to kill me work till 12*30 lol LOL real ok weird hours bro rip Eating breakfast will be a bit late LMFAO breakfast at 12:30 Tony says he's going back to work later on, didnt know his work entailed picking up girls Nor did I Everyone needs to check out zain new photo album Especially since he's busy with his work For your convenience Nice guy zain did you guys end up buying tickets\ yup oo nice got emmm what section going to have to wait for tony to confirm it I don't recall of my head because they emailed it to him they weren't brilliant you guys got the 60$ ticket? ya sounds good yee You guys are like 118? yeah Sharon ! I think he messaged you Yeah he did the seat and row numbers But not us Sad life LOL LOL 119 row 27 cao, tony untagged himself from all the pictures nice, thanks! what pic LOL DID YOU SEE THE PICTURES YET SHARON What pictures I GOT YOUR BACK ZAIN ILL SPREAD TEH WORD TOMORROW nice the tony pictures he grew up :') ??? can you see this link Did he not tax people?? tony went shopping with out his parents! or go to Rudy's wall .....fine add me on facebook this is worth it you can delete me after ^ oh ya you need to add one of us I feel uncomfortable! Stranger danger or you can use Andrew's account to see song from the Suicide Squad album great soundtrack and fine Sharon you are missing out on derp tony photos ahahaha I think my privacy settings are friends and friends of friends only you need to link the image address not the fb link damnit I failed OMG my thing autozoomed to the best spot mines only freinds STILL NOT BAD I think this should be tony's display picture I agree but he doesn't like it untagged himself :/ lame guy so incredibly lame this is why he can't rock the pink shirt LOL HE CANT OWN IT YOU JUST HAVE TO OWN IT #hehatesus should be on that LOL Wait What am I looking at tony All I see if pictures of yoy in a pink dress shirt omg what this picture YEAH SHOULDNT HE HAVE GOTTEN THAT rolf toni  pls he was getting ready for the club ^ YO SIMON THIS GUY TOOK LIKE 3 HOURS okay sharon can you refresh I think it locked it to rudy/tony only cuz I uploaded from my phone or click the direct image scumbag zain Loooool see it no! LOVE IT doesn't it suit him SUITS HIM SO WELL Really brings out the colour of his eyes ya I think he could've totally pulled that off I KNOW HES LIKE NO I CANT ROCK THIS and we were like YOU JUST NEED TO ROCK IT TO ROCK IT He can so rock it we could've been done in 2 min instead we took 2 hours It has to be an Xsmall though YEEEEEEE with skinny jeans ^ YES LOOL rudy you should go and flats. you still h ave time sorry With flip flops you need to supervise Not flats. Flip flops I didn't take 3 hours to go shopping for stuff to wear SORRY LMFAO it's ok tony will share w/ you he would be my hero Tony can be your hero baby nah he's making his choice today can't let friends distract him Are you guys going clubbing?! LOOL no just tony with a bunch of ladies ^ rudy is being lame and not going with tony + his harem LOLOLOL I told him colourful plad was not acceptable at a club he didn't like that but begrudging went shopping for another dress shirt Hey, Rudy is being a great wingman Letting tony get all the ladies I KNOW RIGHT AND HES MAD AT ME Yeah but he could be an even better wingman By redirecting them all to him Rudy you should go still got 20 min i'm wingmaning him by not going yeah rudy should be his wingman forever Sharon has spoken Rudy you were just telling us how you helped him dance with a girl last time go do that again We joked that at his wedding my speech will be you keep harping me for a wedding gift but shes dressed up on stage with you, your welcome, and walk away to the open bar LOL NOPE nOT HAPPENING AGAIN SHARON YOU UP Beautiful speech :') You need to be there so that tony can feel like an Alpha I'm not allowed to go clubbing anymore LOL sounds like a good story bring him ^ LET HIM WING MAN WU OMG LOOOOOL YO that's a solid plan me and Zain were planning on making a documentary on wu at a club everyone wins AHAHA I'd watch it it appears the target is utilizing his fellow companion to attract mates it looks like he is making his move we must be careful not to startle the target, as they will become very aggressive if found or strap a go pro on wu and live stream it on twitch either or ^ The male Wu preforms the mating call ritual HEY HOT STUFF, CAN I GET YOU A DRANK I like the go pro idea a lot the image of tony with a go pro strapped on his head is just hilarious it was super in-effective, lets see how the male proceeds so rudy putting that aside you should go since your the closest you gonna get overwatch for everyone? I don't like clubbing if tony can afford shots for everyone he can afford overwatch for everyone. haha oh cow listen to this hear the whole thing ending is pretty awesome best song of the new album imo haven't listend to it competly yet it's interesting trying new stuff? There are a whole bunch of songs I like yeah The Getaway, Dark Necessities, We Turn Red, Goodbye Angels, Feasting on the Flowers, & Encore are my favourites. The rest are all still solid but not great.. or haven't grown on me yet. I liked dark nessisties Yeah I really like that one it gets stuck in my head all the time yeah your an ass for ditching tony but its part of yoru design wuut hey its a necessities I didn't even ditch x) ITS RIGHT THERE
BY YOUR HOUSE UP HURONTARIO NOPE I wasn't even invited so how could I ditch NOPEEEEEEEEEEEEEE think about it tony invited ^ Psh I KNWO RIGHT FUCKIGN TONY tony tonight damn tony having so much fun still waiting on you for league done shit i'm mean wooo wow we got ditched by sharon gg simon/tannou you joining? tannuo is probs asleep what turned into tony? untilted now? think we tilted tony no I'm still tilted but rudy told me if I didn't play he would he would expose you as a NK spy blackmail call? or is that extortion here or on discord? up to you voila i hate you people how is it going ton oh sorry Wu Tong How's the party life Say hi to your friends from myself and Rudy are you at the club yet? Tony this is for u nah this is the one say how you doin to your friends for me say you ladies looking fine tonight for me ^ remember to compliment them and not just the one you like but seriously give them our regards and apologize on Rudy's behalf for not attending and stop staring at her ass since its really obvious yeah laughed too much today, couldn't make it EYE CONTACT IS KEY WU AND ROCK IT LIKE YOU OWN THE PLACE Be confident, you are well prepared. how was the woob bombed or score! ROBERT roberttttttttttttt pls kill me now steam sale is up anything good not as yet gta5 is 40% off, payday2 is 7% off, darkest dungeon 40% off, This War of Mine 75% off 7% gg what price did we get pd2 at woops 75% xD think it was about the same This War of Mine looks good I have it how's it? 1 sec lemme get my laptop out It's good but wasn't exactly my kind of game. couldn't play it for too long I think it's one of those games where you just sort of inevitably lose you struggle to survive and do all you can every day till it just doesn't work anymore and you can't go on maybe it is possible to succeed but I didnt are we talking about the same game i think so you sound like you're talking about don't starve? then again, I haven't played either game just seen the trailers The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. oh, strange. I always took it to be a story based game there's story in there but its a survival game oh ok that game just went out the window for me let me know if u guys see dark souls 3 on sale at any point deus ex? context, what is it cyberpunk themed game where you generally go through missions being as stealthy or chaotic as you want I know what it is. I meant what was the context to your question. just a suggestion in terms of a game you may like That would be like me going,
Almonds? sure i'd love some Well jokes on your the almonds were a lie you bastard Except that I'm actually eating almonds right now So I doubly snaked you. you bastard! I tried Deus Ex years ago when the first remake came out didn't like it ah i didn't really like the first one but preferred the sequels. this is me you look different Really, I've been told I haven't changed since the last book oh shit you're not a cup anymore?! Jokes on you, I was the Almonds all along how low do you think ds3 will go? i'm hoping at least 50% but realistically 33%? yeah could go anywhere between 33-50 hopefully itll be at least 40 mhmm and if that is the case then I may buy overwatch as well cuz I'm not really planning to get any other game also this seems like your kinda game: Dead by Daylight is a multiplayer (4vs1) horror game where one player takes on the role of the savage Killer You mean 4 of us and 1 Tony? Oh btw I learned yesterday tony as the savage killer? Tony's Chinese name is legit a wuxia character oh? Wu Tong TRUE Show him some face. Or it shall stall his path along martial dao. or else ill die within 5 chapters? btw yeah ISSTH I tried reading it yesterday chapter 700ish I see what you mean about the story going to hell issth? it's been pretty garbage for the last few chapters tdg was supposed to go to hell not issth Oh really? yup Well ISSTH went to shit too XD daaamn i haven't read it in a week Likewise cause i read the worst first and I'm really far behind isssth probably gets better again at ssome point Well something interesting just happened when I stopped reading but I'm going to finish my book first i see Maybe it's because I'm going from an actual book to a wuxia possible but the repetition and lack of imagery makes the text seem really dull Moving to another chat because although spamming tony is fun, spamming other people is rude* This is for the Rift Walk at MTCC Promo code NALCSRIFT6 and you get them for free what is the rift walk kassadin 's ult Tony are we doing this/what time? Its like a league expo You get tickets for an hour sure when do you guys wanna go before? at 12:30 -1:30? you sauga peeps need to figure out how/when you wanna go wait why can you only have 4 ticket a person kk I have 8 tickets do you have 8 people? I got them for 1230 - 130 No LOL the tickets are free Why not grab more LOL this person zain can you register for it too I ll grab 4 you grab 4 Just use your school email sat or sunday? sunday See you guys thereee k done kk kool so is anyone planning on Overwatch Maybe when 50% off Anyone planning to get Overwatch within 2016? LMFAO good joke not unless you get us overwatch I can get you overwatch i owe you $60 anyways and i think it would be pretty troll buying you something you don't want no I want my money not overwatch Okay, Overwatch it is. get me overwatch pls idunno man any good stuff on sale? bunch of stuff eek so many do u want Don't Starve Together? I got an extra copy with my purchase and I don't think Tannuo would enjoy that game oh would love free game! oh we can play that tonight lol hypeeee you're king of north aye I'm the king i wouldnt mind starve together sounds like civ ah well I only had one extra copy... rip I have starve together do u have an extra copy for tannuo how many people can starve together together? i think 6 I got it through having don't starve before so I got no free copies to give Suggestions ? And I got don't starve already ditch me ripp Lolrip so guys what r u getting on steam sale no clue robert u have dont starve? no 11 bucks? dang dude its that + you get an extra copy for someone else I c lel you still owe me like 60 bucks robert I no faith in you ? from what again if I actually do il just get u ow LOL from like paintball all the way back and movies and other stuff like 2 years ago or more paintball I'm pretty sure I payed u back already movies and stuff... I don't firkin know lol nope because I haven't payed my friend back LOL RIP LOL this guy do u still talk to this friend yeah i am driving his car O LOL jks just taking everything I c ur taxing habits pass on from the real world LOL says the guy who owes me money kk fin eil get u ow and call it a day ow? i hate you you know that u know id feel bad if u didn't pay me back by getting me civ 5 lol LOL legit this is you LOL but its proven good so idk y ur so salty add everyone tannuo beneficial effects of haunting: Crops will grow as if fertilized by Rot. anyone for starve tonight ok 12 am -40 mins later- lol rudy shoot me now literally get a gun 22 gage preferably probably fastest see should've taken a few bears beers* legit LOL I have to drive home my parents left gggggggggggggggggggg u gonna make it back tonight to play starve LOL all that matters LOL YO RUDY STORY TIME HOLY FUCK AT WORK HYPE DO TELL WU WHAT DID YOU DO literally what the hell ???? the kids these days are so out of control tellllllllll kids? wu's kids are you actually older than them no its wu's kids haven't you met them yet? wu is a kid tho Timmy sends his regards to all of you especially Tony and Kaiba why me He's a big fan of your office smoke strats He's like, he throws them in the most ridiculous spots.. you just walk into a room and see a smoke in the corner but surprise there's kaiba hiding in there whoa office smoke strats havent heard those words in a while He also noted that you've killed him many times doing that and once also out-awped him on dust 2 what i dont awp ya that's what was so surprising but apparently you did it he also had over 5 of your past names memorized He has a peculiar memory He remembers the strangest details Like he could tell you the exact month and year he first played counter strike with you . that's cute whens the anniversary? I dunno my memory isn't that good He also recalled Tony camping with a G3 Auto-Sniper Green Apple Clutching some games He also knew simon somehow cs go ?? I dunno I don't remember it Oh though he liked Payday 2 a lot you guys should play with him though I think he hates that meth mission and only plays on deathwish.. do u guys wanna play something Don't Starve? starve? Otherwise I'm going to get lost in Dark Souls civ defenitly civ Aight, you guys play civ i'ma become a dark souls NO JOIN ZAIn I KNOW YOU HAVE IT I don't play garbage games SHOTS lol zain you obviously have civ just play it if tannuo plays it hey i play garbage games its not garbage No that game is legit garbage No your face is legit garbage Damn You went there SNAP You're right CRACKLE POP but you still went there just wondering, do we have reign of giants or shipwrecked dlc? no clue why nope those are only for don't starve and not for don't starve together I think sometimes you starve sometimes you starve together what were those mods you'd found? just go onto steam and pick the top most popular ones doesn't give me good results :/ k got it oh  right I should too I spent the whole day playing dark souls lol mhm lol really you know you can just adjust the map to make it easier to begin with right wat are we talking about don't stave together you can modify amount of berries/carrots/gold spawn to make game harder and easier you can also disable certain mobs like hounds and stuff NO DONT DO THAT DONT BE A PUSSY BALLS DEEP lol wu you still awake? ya thats no fun thought you went to bed yeah I should prob go to sleep tho got? youu should go hit on vegan OH ZAIN LMFAO REAL thats like disabling barbarians in civ5 FREAKING EDIT YORU FACEBOOK THING of nomeat gg yeah raging barbs all the way ? zain go to sleep i go to sleep night people did tony get exposed? if so, just tell them his friend Robert is a vegetarian ez tony Harrison wants to know the results of your nightclub adventure and which path in the harem you're taking he also sent his regards to all of you LOL give him my regards too it was an interesting night I got so hammered i was tannuo level chips drunk dang that's next level drunk I don't know why I feel like you're just raved up and there's music blasting hey Zain i am at home game of some sort? yeah sure what are you feeling like kool don't starve league anything borderlands csgo rocket league not rocket dark souls dank soles? ya if u wanna join me getting rekt noty lmfao magicka btw I heard this song today thought it was kinda deep I think you will like it tony and definitely rudy The chorus actually makes me go damn, that's a pretty scary thought We're killing strangers so we don't kill the ones that we love oh hi simon  Y no work toni rekt Harrison said hi to u oh is Harrison over rite now? nah we were hanging out earlier in the day Hi harri I think he's out with other Asian folk okay so what do u wanna play tony simon down to game or no? Mhn maybe Not sure when my group is gonna show up lol rip Play leagu so I can watch lmao i'm fine with anything atm time to play csgo so simon cant watch us derp LOL sure such a scumbag hope you get rekt get it wu rolf DISCORD Tannuo is offering free untilting That's a recipe for disaster but I am game and all parties agree Ok all parties agree come. We're waiting. Don't leave a playa out to dry. LOL welp no one agreed I agreed tannuo agreed not simon Zain agreed well simon didn't respond therefore he both agreed and disagreed at the same time TANNOU LEAGUE WITH WU REPLACE ME K THANKS rudy y you do dis lol one of the comments: this sounds exactly the same as the original the kh3 comment though so much dark souls pvp action it's a lot of fun xD cause everyone knows you got rekt by that crab XD such a hayter cow anyone up for their daily dose of tilt in 5 minutes zain? sorry went to get some cheerios ya I can use some tilt right now aight discord simon why u ditch today typical can't be trusted Don't wanna see you that's why Almost tempted by Harrison but nah Damn, I knew it I called that shit the truth comes out! I'm like yo Harrison Simon hates me and Harrison is like I hate you too and I'm like, yeee league anyone? daily dose of tilterino?? Nah I'm out I've noticed i'm getting too salty these days Excess salt from my blood stream is pouring out you're naturally salty it's not a new thing my blood pressure is dropping not frustration salt from Tiltmaster 9000: Get Rekt Edition yesterday was tilting you? join zain i'm so confused today t-t Sorry I'm still mad at Simon He hates me And I'm totally not using that as an excuse because I want to do other things such as play Dark Souls uh huh Like I said, that is something that I am definitely not doing. Because, as you can see, I am not playing Dark Souls at the moment Nor could I actually secretly be playing Dark Souls because my ratio of Skype/DS would be too low to make any meaningful progress in that game i can confirm that you are not playing dark souls 3 right nw Now we have indisputable evidence uh huh I demand that all charges against me be dropped jury? I don't hear any opposition Thus all charges were dropped i don't hear any agreement either therefore we are going into recess until the jury gets back so zains  snaking us for civ I SEE Yes, Recess was a great Disney show. But we're not talking about playgrounds or snitches Recess Law & Legal Definition. Recess, in a legal context, refers to a break in a trial or other court proceedings or a legislative session until a defined date and time in the future. Recess is distinguished from an adjournment, which winds up the proceedings. Like I said Simon ain't got time for your Disney references. zain go fuck yourself ie play dark souls you know it's what you want to do D= I do but i'm waiting for 2 peeps Gotta have a class reunion I went and got lost didn't see yo there zain Hey cow how come u didn't come out for board games today we played Pandemic because tannou wasn't there to play alone ^ We played on one of the harder difficulties and lost by 1 card BECAUSE SIMON WAS NOT TEHRE Hit the outbreak limit on the very last turn before we got all the cures I KNOW RIGHT FUCKING SIMON so salt howd the interview go better than league yetserddy I suppose how did that go anywyas? We were winning and then we lost because wu was not there this game sounds fake anyways we never win in lane yo guys patch your league if you havent What I should uninstall my SaltMaster 360 if I haven't?! SaltStation 4 SALT master race? Tilt of Legends League of Tilt: Summoner's Tilt so you're patching nah I feel like I'm bad enough at this game that when I actually do well in a game and we lose I get really salty because it's so rare that I do something So I need to wait until I'm so garbage that I straight feed every game that way every loss is expected and winning is just a pleasant surprise from the monotony of losing just main yasuo top Hey I just learned that the word Monotony has Tony in it seems fitting LOL WHAT Speak of the devil and he shall rise from the shadows tony has a monotony job confirmed You're looking for the word monotonous Hey by my crude estimations you have 5 people and can now play 5s I am at work no play ichi, ni, san, shi, go ??? aik, doe, teeen, chaar, panch uno, dos, tres, quatro, cinco Can confirm in 3 languages except we don't have 5 Oh btw tony the employee at the board game caf we went to today was playing Overwatch I started talking to him about it and told about how I was trying to convince one of you guys to buy it for everyone He said it's worth LOL noty I don't know him My friend Aeric also wanted to know how your nightclub adventure went I told him you got ditched, then you skumbagged rudy, then you got drunk, then you skumbagged rudy again, and then you bought him beer is that a fairly accurate summary? since nobody here is playing raza wanna duo ranked DO IT! in plat promos DO IT!! let me see if i can go borderless and share screen Nah it's ok you need the fps and no lag yo you scumbags stop spectating and just play ??? zain pls nah don't feel like playing I am tilted ?? just play :/ no it's not :/ its okay if you're tilted just play with no worries YOU NEED TO UNTILT ZAIn JUST DO IT g'night. lol wow wtf this rudy you play with them you're not even tilted yet hakuna matata IM SLEEPING TILTED FROM LACK OF SLEEp .. PEACE . ?????????????????? scrubs all of yah :/ fuck you raza i'm going to bed. What a wonderful phrase, ain't no passing phrase it means no worries for the rest of your days k we're duoing ranked again lol at least go on discord so you can critisize criticize NO WELL DO IT ON SKYPE LIKE REAL ASSHOLES so we cn lag  you k I think cao will go to sleep i will play dark souls 'sleep' as in not play league but yeah sleep sorry i mean play aoe i should just play runescape or civ yeah man good times you should play runescape until you become zezima  YO WE SHOULD GET ZAIN TO START THE CIV GAME Of ALL TEH RAGING BARBS AND RAGE QUITS naw I rage quit before the game started tannou can teach zain ZAIN TANNOU WILL BECOME YOUR SENPAI HELL FINALLY NOTICE YOU senpai please~ he dodged for you since you said please ^ wut cow do u wanna play league? yeah me neither rip no one to league spectate yep why you skums no play? hmm I am tilted Rudy is a snake how are you even tilted? how is rudy even slithering around? Just one of those games ? Tilt fiesta games XD lol zain you guys shoujld have spectated our last game was a clown fiesta how clown fiesta we had 3 inhibs and all their nexus turrets ended up getting aced because we tried backdooring it 1 by 1 almost lost lol raza btw are you lagging need to win 1 more game out of 2 for plat 5 lol do it ya im in q right now zain wat u even doing ur not on ds3 oh i'm trying to figure out what my battlenet password was you want to play diablo 3 or something? diablo 3 but can't :/ gg OMG I'M IN GG REKTED o.o4 im plat boys lol oh lol aim for diamod diamond* boost me btw raza ended up gold 5 oo wait you guys duo queued? yeah gg just two of you guys yes because fucking zain and rudy too busy playing d3 or ds3 or whatever the hell theyre doing Fixing my mic LOOL rekt so I wont hae internet aat homme for 3 days wooooo rip yo this arena hand do i even mulligan anything wow nice 12-0 arena deck i went 7 wins lol had too many weapons 2 musters 2 lances 1 truesilver 2 lights justice WTF LEGIT 12-0 deck lol wut that's so good legit 10/10 decfk tony u still have work tomorrow i might come back tomorrow and maybe we could do something LMFAO I have work every day lol really yeah well I had Wednesday off when you staying till? nvm then i'll stay here lol till sunday dang rekt rip if you guys are all back I can get half day off we can do something dad's coming in tomorrow so i'm busy :/ reap so does anyone wanna play something league of don't starve global edition Those sound like games that make me tilt hard wait where did the global edition come from XD Global Offensive? Definitive Edition? yes that Ultima 420 swag it D3? but what about poor tannuo dw im playing xXHentaiKing420YoloSwagXx LOL What is that... his most played game damn I know ri so ya guys league? d3? sleep? ur actually playing league !! wow yeah man my 1 day vacation op I know right? not really OOO ZAINS GOING TILTTTT where is simon hiding from dream team I must bring him down with me im in coma Oh dang okay i'm going to go make some tea u guys decide what we should do watch Zain and tannou duo IN CIV WITH RAGING BARBS WITH A MOD THAT MAKES MORE BARBS ok im just gonna solo q plat 4 promos wowww I go to get tea and everyone dips i see how it is rekt4 no one wants to play w  you zain ^ Yeah it definitely seems that way d3? wow thought no one wanted to play with me hmph brb then back so league ? depends on people rip rudy don't you have a morning shift and you still playing reague of regnds ? join? lol I can play a relaxing game for a bit then sleep whats everyone else doing d3 welp went 8-0 to 8-3 with that deck, 3 losses to bullshit rng topdecks LOL The call was lucky hah! we have internet again rip the studying dream anyone for league? sure everyone dead? yup rip I am deaderino is everyone asleep? good good LOL reaguearino? I will play dark souls then yea I mean ther'es no one here . NOONE AT ALL So therefore, I must do something tannou doesn't count oh hi rudy whats up where is everyone else? dunno disappeared I wanted to league but nope oh btw I lvled to 31 while benchmarking pc i'm 40 wow this cao LOL playing in adventure mode farming items rip so league guys? simon/tannuo/raza? tannuo leaguarino? uh I hope I wont lag.. it's ok I will adc alright simon lets go lets go k discord? naw skype no discord not discord, just skype got it talking to my mom also atm any1 for some quality league quality tilt? quality feed? oh i'm sorry I typo'd the name yes both those things sure get on wheres cow pretending to be afk as always he's on d3 I ditched him so he went full tannuo LOL never go full tannuo i'm on low priority queue for both accounts bye tannuo well the solution is rather simple mr. lai LOL you need a third account use rudys account gimme details? why don't u just join kk tan use his acc hes talking to his ladies right now calling air Canada zzz wow just because they are fat you cant call them that, that's rude zzzz simon? I'M DONE LMFAO TIL:T all tony's fault ^ WTF DID I DO you all bullied me Can't defeat the Skum then blamed me kk going to sleep fuck it I ll just stop talking to you guys wtf Report for leaving the game/afk happened Can you add him and then kick him Lawl wtf what happened with the c and k there O.o c and k? I see a skumbag tony Interesting I have his name saved as Scumbag Tony but when I added him it came as Skumbag Tony how is that even possible? WELP IM DONE NOW i dunno weren't you done from the get go? I was on a phone calll =.= Skype's auto language filter (?) Oh true that's possible but why would it filter it to skumbag That's so bizarre Yeah dunno LMFAO wu is so scumbag he scumbags skype Skum magic dude this is some black magic lvl shit well skype's randomly put some  professor as a recommended contactin my contact list well a professor in my uni well that's blown up wow no one added back tony? ya'll are heartless How can you even operate without the resident scumbag so league? You offed him rudy u never even play league with us made me reinstall the game and played once =( ultimate troll we started d3 best in the game than you never joined since you are on dark souls all the time and I got bored of waiting i'm just carrying on the tradition ditch you in TL ditch you in D3 IKR? we should beat tl normal before mods >. but nooo How do you feel about lvl 25ish in POE LETS PLAY D3 dude, I've already ditched u. I need a new game to ditch you in NOPE Let's switch up the genre reditch in d3 league? Why don't you buy overwatch for everyone no then I can ditch you there tony will tony's rich he pays for the big gym in sauga WORTH A SHOT Gotta stay fit and healthy the man spends his days toiling in a DQ, he understands the risks gotta keep up the scum muscles The dads pretty awesome the kids kinda just banging on the oven well he's working with an oven man cut him some slack Neva you're going to be a typical Asian parent you lose 1 mark, no dinner 4 u 
and then you eat the additional portion because you're evil Yeah waste not want not mm aight i'm off to sleep take it easy guys snake Zain is snake HOLY SHIT GUYS I SEE TANNUO ON FACEBOOK hey tannuo apparently I gave you two copies of don't starve? o.o LOL what tannuo starving all the time hi Yeah it comes with 2 wait what or wasthat just for the alpha verison o.o It should come with 21 2 it should really have come with 21 tho also rudy your internet lagging? would've saved us a lot of trouble Dunno Seems fine haven't gamed lol skumbag druid bm me had exact lethal with 3 topdecks anyone for league? rekted i am if we got ppl uhh planning trip bit busy sorry lol sleep COME ON WU JUST ONE GAME lol noty why not? dont' you have the day off tomorrow 'exposed' LOL day off FUNY ??? you were so happy I also had a half day off today just got home now from work LOL YEAH SO GAME WITH US come on wu don't be like this we waited all day my ass what no faith? yes tannuo check your inventory and see if there is extra copy holy crap got an actual monitor today everything is so clear what were you even using b4 tv screen lmao so hows it going simon hows school/work interviews + school i have to go back to sauga next week for salary negotiation ohh with good company? good luck! decent i would say fkin job searching is eating up most of my time lol lol at least you are getting interviews and stuff if you are coming back next week wanna hang out w me and cow and Zain some time? I think cow is heading to Calgary for a bit sounds good kk when? dunno i might comeback on wed night stay till sunday damn so long alright well 1 interview + 1 negotiation meeting for 2 diff companies, i'm trying to squeeze it in thurs/friday so i can't tell when exactly ill be free lol ok good luck with prep mhm yeah sure...prep LOL LOL what else meh never prepped for any of my interview since last year lol damn simon a pro i mean if you do 10~20 interviews per term.. LOL you are used to interview questions yeah they usually ask similar questions ohh ok also even if you study for technical questions, you just get screwed so hard when they ask ''in depths' question so it really depends on if you really know the topic or not ohh ok game? ay who's here i dont think i have an extra copy of dont starve rip this group is zain deaderino think so hi so we may have 4 then? well steam support said you should have two copies lol probably in his inventory ok let me screen share tell me where it is rudy can oh shityou help hi rip my OS can't handle skype its k raza got this lmk if you found one..otherwise im gonna msg steam support again it's not in his inventory found it oh lol It wasn't there before gift it to me pls XD it says you already own a copy u have another acc or email i think you can still gift it to me? cant wtf is that email adress .e? /me? .me? yup i bought a domain .meme? nah k sent i use it for professional email steam games real professional lol btw tannuo you can get one for yourself for free too though i dont think you will use it really yeah cant i gift it oh what lol is it becuz it is a odd email o.o i got the email poppin conversation boys As if anyone's alive for conversation Brainsss so we got the pessimist and the memer And the snake wait Rudy's here?! I was referring to you rudy always mia He's a cow don't you know well color me surprised so where have you been allw eek? nyc the big apple I see do anything fun ye met some cool people took part in interesting conversation yo 11-2 final boss anyone watch tony at work but sure skype share screen ? also I went 12 1 with my op rogue deck so sad tannuo i cant see anything also cant hear gg im sharing scr lol idk lol what i don't see it rip i cant see nvm then kk ur phone garbage on my desktop LMFAO o get a new computer then i did can you hear ? naw no mic or speakers y no mic or speakers? work computer don't need any ok i did it 12-2 nice mustard top deck turn 3 to win game gg easy my 12 win rewards always sucks ass anyone for league? lol at work cant you don't need speakers or a mic ;D shitty mouse disconnect every 5 min 485g lol wow that's like 500 gold lucky bastard alright gtg bye wassup bbg damn guys you really know how to partai Every time I leave and return I feel like i'ma back at square one but this time we're not buying tony a shirt (sick double entendre btw) uh huh I'm glad you're impressed I figured you would be the only one out of the loop as you are not familiar with the malls in Mississauga but I failed to consider your keen observational skills pobelter carrying this game ohh  its Roberts birthday HBD ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT Happy Birthday! thx guys TAN WANT TO PLAY A GAME WITH ME its Saturday night whered everyone go lol dead rip zombie apocalypse op happy birthday fu Thx cow Who is playing pokemon go? If u guys r we should go to lakeshore to catch some water types gimme the link for a samsumg galaxy compatible one? ok i got a modded version for galaxy but i cant move my gps sucks LOLOLOLOL so rip i got it to work but it requires an internet connection so i cant actually go anywhere unless if i leech someone's wifi loll I want to get the real version lol DUDE u can't play without data... i actually caught 2 pokemon just standing sitll in my house gg How can u go to a body of water Rat and a bird? idk Also want to play endless tnite I was so down to game last night everyone dipped cept raza... I don't think that guy leaves home lol ya sure No car can't leave.  Plus home is comfortable. yo robert you have unlimited data right? i can just leech off you when we play pokemon go Ya I do lol... gg U need gps tho also my church is a pokestore and Milton go is something too Lol you free right now? i owe you for EL also wanna try pokemon go with your data i have gps No lol Its my birthday and girlfriend is in town... Im at jack Astor's with friends o right bhd hbd We should just go was to Tony's house and catch pokemon agree Walk * lel Wish it was out legit tho Our accounts will get banned isnt it though wait what If u use the apk Like get it of the Internet's they prbly will ban Ur acct lol im using that i thought it came out in canada did it only come out in the states when's it coming out in Canada? I feel like it's kinda meh tho servers are unreachable a lot that and the dependence on gps sucks i just wished that it would save a sort of snapshot so when you open the game at home with wifi it snapshots where all the pokemon spawns are they spawn sorta randomly and then when you leave and dont have data you can catch them there offline you see leaves flutter you supposedly can find them there ah like that well it would only do nearby places probably lol castlebridge elementary school is a gym sup boyz ay Leggo Take it over gimme ur data then pls waat vat vac? CSGOHYPEEE? LOL can't play atm sick coughing like crazy RIP the vac no more people calling Zain a hacker waller auto aimer wut I'm bad what have you been up tony up to* Drugs Lady escapades was going to play a game with tannuo dipped rip rip tannuo op reauge of regends? naw too many hours spent there lol lol sup hey coming ? ?? reague of regends? nite guys I guess no one playing reague Rip Tony asks league everyone goes to sleep lol anyone want to play something that's not league rip din't see this night wassup cow sleep LOL tired u guys r so soft its not even 2 lol drank too much not enough sleep yesterdayf zzz I do not function on lack of sleep after a night of drinking well yeah sounds about right anyone game? ayy LOL which other game? uhh buy endless? naww LMFAO its when u know the hype is real it sucks when the pidgeotto has 10CP don't understand why higher evolutions can be as weak as the first one 10? wtf rip can you catch a mew in pokemon go? and then theres a 125 eevee idk yes lol gl finding one tho even dratini is shit worthy got em tannuo u have a mew? no i caught the pigeotto xD mew was my favourite pokemon just hate that when the real version comes out i have to start all over dude where the fk r u gonna find a mew lol its tru but i guess it's for the best the apk version is glitched as shit just wants to hang out in its bubble all the time w8ting for the acct wipe and apk is virus everyone knows that... ok guys lets league can't league why not? too sick oh I can't even keep my hand on the mouse coughing fits every 15 sec I swear u were coughing for like a month u ok de Robert man I see you once a year roberta get on whoop wrong person lol I hav another friend who has coughing probs and naw I'm probably pretty uneligible! u guys play imma go to sleep lol ur gonna pull a tony on us I gotta work in like 3 hours i caught it in the states and now it is trying to destroy me night shift? jesus all day lol dem NYC viruses OP o and does anyone know if you can walk multiple eggs to hatch at once yes if you have multiple incubators cuz i got like 6 from camping the pokestop but I think you have to buy those i was under the impression you had infinite incubators and they aren't infinite you have one that lasts forever since it has the infinity sign and you can buy ones that are timed u guys just wanna go as 3? prob not get rudy on holy shit just went a minute without coughing feels so good then you're healthy enough to league LOL if you hear me on a call you'll be like wtf you're dying stop playing league just mute your mic let him rest XD =( ya man good guy tony watch draft? u guys go as 3 sure or play with NK, he said he's probs going to sleep earlier tho LOL RIP oh tony playing go time to spectate feed YEEE time to miss every ak shot mic muted the moe background tho of course tannuo is on /r/ anime yo stop stalking my screen i have nothing else to do ok fine entertain yourself who is songcan lai family member? my dad damn talk to him more than rudy tannuo gonna open up his hentai to scare everyone away I don't think his landlord will be teksavvy enough to know what that means any good anime tannuo? the one i opened up right now is good Tales of zesteria ? yea ooh same animation studio as fate stay night unlimited blade works i like how i can see your comment before u send it op I watched 2 eps of this show as well Barakamon; it's not this season but it was pretty good chill slice of life rated 8.5 time to spectate rip okay cya tony peace guys What i miss LOL Legit wtf ?? missed league sad life dw cow miss league get sleep is always worth Tannuo rip konami is cancer Robert and Tannuo you guys should cosplay as Yugi and Kaiba and then go to some event I think it would be pretty jokes where is seto tannuo kaiba next an leggo my friend tried so hard to get me to cosplay this year for an lol did u? all we need is some strong hold gel and some blonde hair dye to make you into yugi tempted to cosplay as that guy from steins gate just get a lab coat LOL mad scientist kun you also need to rock a goatee it's so cooooool sonuvabitch yeah man you can do it you need a half tucked grey/white shirt, a similar belt and some dark khakis you'll need to grow your hair out though  LOL and hold a old as fk cell phone/ ? that's a pretty cheap cosplay tan can be the girl eh you can all just be the guy different world lines nah tannuo will be the girl. k we need a long hair wig preferably red in color otherwise we will die it slim red tie should be easy the shirt will be hard to reproduce, the design is pretty intricate. Looks like one of those Asian style things just picturing it is giving me trauma plz lets move on ok tannuo can go as either kaiba or tryndamere I vote trynd will cost for the sword and he pprbly looks bad ass in a beard how bout ash? since hes so into pokemon go I don't feel like tannuo has the personality for ash but he's an illegal trainer so team rocket? needs that rocket uniform YAS more like Gary and carry like a Pikachu in a cage or something lel gary's just a rival tru plus he doesn't have the requisite darkness what about piccolo sure he blew up the moon i don't know why that was necessary to say but it was sounds like something tannuo would do but in the dbz universe he's more like vegeta tien? the badass that always loses despite all the cards stacked in his favour ah in any case where is the man in question i think he's training trying to get to super saiyan hes midterming I believe ah XD TFS and Little Kuriboh's versions are definitely superior yugioh abridged is funnier seen the latest episode? no point arguing which of two great shows is better tru given that Lil Kuriboh works with TFS as well in fact I think frieza is lil kuriboh rite? yup hey guys I am done studying anyone for a game? yes I can play im at work for another half hour ripo hi hi tony  slack slack league rudy i bought attack speed blues on ur acc rip 4k ip yo tannuo ay if ur down for endless later msg m k reague of regend Robert? Dude stop playing on my account Ima change my password looll why is he anyways lol my accounts in toxic queue lolol 20 minute wait timers Fuck you It's going take me months to get that again zzz LOLOLOL but it's ip well spent gp10 seals best seals Fuck off You didn't even ask attack speed blues best blues bitch betta hav my money it's okay cow in like 2 weeks he'll farm back that ip anyways but you'll be in low priority queue low priority queue for life #NAME? lol so rudy how are you anyways what is low priority queue anywas lol you are forced to wait 20 minutes before queueing for a game it's where they throw all the toxic people you do that a set # of times then it's lifted HAHAHA SRSLY wtrip usually if you leave 1 ranked game or 2 normal games you get automatically placed in low priority queue for 5 games i believe you are allowed to leave 1 normal game every week from my previous history of low priority queue tannuo's been in low priority queue so much he's figured out the algorithm yes LOLOLOL yo tan when that girl's eyes got gouged out higurashi much sounds charming that's a typical day in xxhentaimaster420swagxx 420yoloswag* half this anime is literally the protag qqing tho I mean its sad but yeah you're missing a yolo so much qq... i'm sorry guys I was talking about the sequel to xxhentaimaster420yoloswagxx so anyways hang out Wednesday before you leave cow? Zain Robert tannuo you guys free? nope i will attend if i'm physically well enough and can attend without turning all of you into coughing zombies turn them all into coughing zombies! plz turn them into zombies I should just infect robert zain 's  sitting there playing pandemic alone and then not play overwatch with him just w8t till I buy it for u then u go no life rip haha yeah right (so reverse psychology seems to be working...) chaningmy pasword and not much too lazy to pack go pack and don't change your pw lazy too late already did now i'ma forget it ad have to reset it thanks tannou inb4 password3 yup or screwyoutannou2 please spell my name right at least why not screwyoutannuo1? there you go tony nah need to use the way I always spell it tannou so you'll enver figure it out Spell name wrong for max bm see I like this logic Tannioiuoo LOL tanou better misspelling the way our teachers pronounce it its tanouuuuuuuuuuuuuuoooooooooooo league? naww sleeparino please wu laggarino leauge also no accounts i cant league gg lol good enjoy low piroty queue LOL rekt by salty rudy cough back dying so league rip zain no gamerino for me-erino sleeperino no accounterino time to ranked 5sarino wu raza and tannuo ranked duo you said you were going sleep like 20 mins ago wtf gg snaked toxic queue lol reddit op lmao the last of us that's so true the dark souls one? all of them? all apparently evolve is now free to play But evolve is still shiz Wu says sleep goes to sleep 2 hours late r scumbag wu you have to divide the cost of overwatch by infinity to get down to evolves price i think someone shud buy overwatch for everyone and that someone should be raza because he can go play evolve which is f2p nah so he must have mulla to spare nah tannou spending wu's money ^ nothing in it for me you get to play overwatch with people imma just wait for the 50% off then buy it for myself maybe idk it may be dead by then :/ there will always be robert u guys can 1v1 when the game is dead i wouldnt buy it if it was dead Robert this is how much he hates u EU with the wtf roster swaps xD so seriously tho who's down to overwatch Finally bought it ? noppe Oh okay I know raza has beef cause I'm the better league player OHHH OHHHHHHHHHHHH ROBERT ISSUING OUT A CHALLENGE 1V1 ON RUST BOYS LEGGO NEW HERO ON OVERWATCH LEGGO no one has that game razza get it and 1v1 for ur honor and get it for Zain too while hes at it? lel yup so I can spectate and confirm the results of the duel naww stream become a famous overwatch steamer and make millions k ill get it.... in a year... when it's 50% off this guy is no fun Zain you can buy overwatch and 1v1  him in my place I give you the authority to act in my stead lol pay him 80 bucks for his services raza noty trial by combat costs money bro we've been friends for 16 years money doesn't need to change hands for something like this but copies of overwatch does you gotta give him a sword if you want him to fight for you loool Yo this tony is correct see such a honorable and loyal friend mhmm idk if Zain is trustworthy though rip zain is so trustworthy well we'll see how things are in a year then I can bide my time tho who knows maybe by then ill be playing dark souls 3 skumbag friend waiting on prices of swords to drop before supplying friend with one to fight in his honor. people are not even this bad in game of thrones XD I'm not telling him to fight for my hnor now am i in fact it's impossible for him to do so till he gets the game right now as in at this moment I never said do it right now Zain I am disappointed in  your ability to choose friends I though you were better than dis I agree his friends seem kinda skummy if I wasn't hemorrhaging money I would consider getting people games but alas to be fair...you are Zain's worst mistake tony.. LOL PLS its definatly you, you are nk and represent kim mhm wonder how I met Zain.. simon I remember ? in mr .khuens com sci class grade 11 were you? you used to sit on the other side and play starcraft all day nope that was minho not me LOL just cuzz we are Koreans.. yeah I remember u were in that class tho I only played starcraft once in schoolt that was comp eng class otherwise I don't think u knew u in high school i don't remember having any other classes with u but i was always busy studying or playing chess I don't think I knew you and rudy existed in highschool rudy was the stoner white guy disguised as an Asian guy except he wasn't a stoner white guy he was just lazy always sleeping if not sleeping, then eating i remember he used to randomly show up to groups in the erin mills food court and then take food from ppl's plates without asking so i called him food muncher LOL actually come to think of it i didn't really know any of u in high school except for tannuo ironically i knew henry, tannuo, eric zhang and briam lam tannuo and i used to play chess all day in cha's class lol for me you were just one of those brown guys that hang out w eirc and henry eric and i used to play a lot of chess eric special was gg after losing 1 pawn gg indeed he was he would give up at the slightest disadvantage equivalent to 'open mid' i remember in high school in grade 9 i thought all the Asian guys were super smart geniuses equivalent to tannuo afk? in leagu? haha no he would straight up ff gg meant rematch Minho in grade 9 used to play with his rubics cube all class while getting 90s then in grade 11 i'm like these Asian guys aren't THAT smart then in grade 12 i'm like yo these guys are super lazy looool then i learned being Asian didn't automatically make you smart can confirm I r dumb man i had such good marks in high school then uni came along and rip for 3 years LOL you tell me.. I never had good marks .... we all know the feels x) my marks at uft were never THAT bad, but they were just above average and it's sad when u go from feeling really smart to feeling just ok u mac and loo ppl got fucked cuz they don't bell curve x) lol my prof bell they just bell to 60 avg i don't think I've ever even had an average that low LOL our 2nd year ccts had a 33 % avg lowest i recall a class' average is about 68 software['s 2nd year course was 28 % LMFAO I remember them beating us at failing =( woah i thought mac went by a letter system tho? everytime i spoke to sanjay or raj everyone was getting 9s, 10s or 11s LOL yeah woops not a letter system but a weird scaled numbering system friggan sanjay 11.94 avg that's a 89.7 or something Sanjay is a God among men literally highest mark is 90 and I don't just mean in terms of intelligence I remember him going into an exam with 114% before the final in terms of personality he's the nicest and most humble guy i know yeah it's always a pleasure hanging out with him he works really hard yeah i'm glad ppl like him are going into medicine we need more smart cookies in that field can you imagine tannuo as an ER surgeon? 1 mistake and he just rage quits LMFAO he just ff 20 rq in the middle of a heart transplant FUCK THIS SURGERY, ALT F4 starts bm-ing the nurses LMFAO starts tbagging everyone there and doing tryd taunts LMAO decides he doesn't need the team and goes off in a solo surgery Though I think Tannuo is getting better he is talking more and more these days I remember a year ago when we used to play he would just be sitting quietly in the call not saying a word It seems like he's becoming more sociable i feel bad for his patients when the hospital puts him into toxic queue league anyone? I am down if others are tannuo's in game at work actually its pretty busy I should gout and work Tannuo isn't that bad yeah hes more chill than like everyone lol eric was no chill eric zhang? I have a friend who was one year older than use in high school shared some class with eric she hates him i recall him being pretty chill like with a passion lol he was not chill dude... he was a really nice guy lol At least that is my memory from high school then again everyone was pretty chill/nice in high school LOL dude no that's so not true I don't know either ... rip me never saw u tho cept talking with Tannuo sometimes yeah i have almost no memory of interacting with you other than hearing your name ocassionally oh i remember there was one guy in high school i didn't like Matt kite who tat oh man that guy was strange i mean i disliked the stoner crowd and the wannabe gangster brown ppl but matt kite was like annoying on another level wtf rize remake? probably wont be the last one either LOL Zain I was pretty good friends w eric 10/10 agreew Robert friend so i see potentially 4 for league? about eirc? lol i didn't dislike the guy but he was so cocky lol lol yeah cocky in what sense? i just remember dozens of chess matches and he would always keep playing even if he would lose frequently wouldn't get mad or anything we should all bl2 rn spectating tannuo instead mostly cause no one is actually playing bl2 wut but zain? i was gonna go on but overwatch doe Zain is in the borderlands also leona top vs cho gath winning lane too 1 more low priority queue game nice lol gl getting out of real elo hell yo robert how much ip do you have 1.3 lel rip already in low priority queue gotta finish this game tru lol ok im out of low priority q game anyone btw tan hav u checked out danganronpa apparently rly good don't watch that shit trust rip noones around imgonna go on dark souls steam msg when ppl show up k im here sup every1 else left tho rip tony leagu? at work will be bak in 1.5-2 h kk we moved to discord No rip need 1 more ?? leagu k Rip rip nvm I play hearthstone ????/ yo play league pussy rudy? rudy still recovering from me spending like 4k ip on his acc on runes that he will never use LOL Rip Died going to shower play one without me game? sure yes duh 3 people playing go were mugged on my university campus :/ Zain where are you why you ditch us the heck where is everyoe lol ded dead due to heat ayy anyone still here yup 4 for league? im down rudy and simon are in a bot game sleeping badly sick taking antibiotics now, bacterial bronchitis infection / pneumonia apparently :/ ah hope you get well soon yeah me too XD oh and I had my first near death experience yesterday ? I couldn't sleep so I decided I'd take some Nyquil and it closed my airway and I couldn't breathe have you ever taken Nyquil before? Yeah that seems unprecedented Many times Fortunately the doc gave me an inhaler Get better soon See zain if you just came out and got us sick that would've never happened But glad to hear you're ok thanks rudy and raza what happened with the Nyquil this time, did you find out? no idea I'm going to the doc tomorrow I'll ask oh I suspect it tried to suppress my cough but with inflamed lungs that didn't go well I was gargling with salt and baking soda water a few days ago (someone recommended it to my mom) and something similar happened ah but it wasn't as close to as bad In any case, if you have a bad cold, be careful with what you take yeah because it might not be a cold be sure what's  wrong first... how would you get pneumonia tho I dunno The doc was pretty vague about what I had he's like bronchitis slash pneumonia i'm like what? What do you mean slash but you didn't see a doctor today? nope he just gave me anti-biotics so i'm just taking those oh biggest problem is I can't sleep properly I sleep for like 1-2 minutes then start coughing which wakes me up And that goes on for hours, it's quite annoying because I don't feel rested and it always gets worse at night -_- yeah I can imagine always does during the day I don't cough as much but at night it's horrible so even if you slept early you'd probably still wake up right? yeah oh well, it's just a matter of time damn that sucks I remember I used to have that as a kid and had to take the inhaler so much =/ I feel your pain zain hope you get better soon thanks tony the inhaler is a god send not just for casually saving my life, but it immediately clears up that shortness of breath feeling yeah but it dosnt last that long you have to do it again after a while yeah probably lasts for about an hour yeah try sleeping sitting down on the bed with your back on the headboard its so much easier because coughing dosnt shake your body as much when you are sitting up yeah I was doing that will probs take another week to clear up hopefully rip Zain for a week been watching spongebob episodes. this is what your life has come to yep LOL still better than me rip LOL what are youdoing? i'm sitting at home on a chair or on a bed * hi guys leggo game guys meh I don't feel like talking unless someone buys everyone overwatch ;D RIGHT ZAIN WHERES THE OVERWATCH FOR EVERYONE u cheap bumb what Robert ur the one with the job but ur zain the geneours one I'm the jew wowww don't stereotype jews like that for you robert wth lol is this I fel like I'm drugs gotta admit it's catchy I like the beat Zain's sick and having allergic reactions to his drugs so he uses this to at least feel like he's on them I don't understand, what's so weird about this video I dunno I haven't watched it you guys have clearly never watched an RHCP video before i have those are way weirder probably californication and can't stop were pretty weird hahaha can't stop was very weird I like how they straight up started that video with the lead singer sticking his head into a giant yellow tube for no reason you should watch By The Way ah? which ratchet and clank was good into the nexus or crack in time? I heard the latest one was the best next gen i think crack in time was better than into the nexus kay thinking of trying it out for 3 bucks raza u should dark souls 3 we can play together i know but i make -ve money do it fine next time it's on sale just do it dl gamer has it 30% off go for it that's how much i got it on sale for tannuos feedback is so loud my mom heard it next room over nad was like wtf that's tannuo so apparently ill get dark souls 3 by tomorrow  through them because they're based in the UK O.o strange so you bought it? yup alright time for some jolly coop Leaugeeeee How you feeling? better not perfect but better Good to hear What did the doc say well since i last logged on nothing much just have antibiotics, warm drinks So coffee and tea no coffee It's warm it's hard enough without caffeine Fine warm milk though there are some studies which refute that fact nonetheless, it's a pain to heat up milk Warm water Unless that's a pain too there ya go kettle is faster than boiling milk Warm not boiling Gg Big differnece tru tru what are u up to cow still planning to take that imaginary trip you always seem to be packing for? I'll take that as a yes played a game for the new game mode was weird :/ also apparently i did get ds3 immediately just downloading it Yeee always rip Zain, at least you are feeling bette you know what helps apparently, hot ginsing tea oh really I've tried a bunch of stuff and from my investigation basically you need warm fluids also i found turmeric to be quite helpful Morphine is helpful too turmeric hum whats that Spice that's good for you It's yellow I believe lmao morphine is a helluva drug yes turmeric is apparently super healthy it's a natural anti-inflammatory so it provides relief from a wide assortment of issues hooooooooooollllllllllllyyyyyyyyy shhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttt finally done 18 page econ essay fuck this program rekt I had to write 50+ pages 18 pages is weak i assumed you used your time wisely but then again I didn't have to make a lot of sense i did this in 2 days was cancer mine doesnt make sense either dw that moment when a trynd player says he got cancer this is only 5 pages but I wrote this in 2 days why do you have your last name but only your partner's first name Alexandria is a place XD not a person oh lame LOL TONY gg what class was this for? some artsci class called Mediterranean cities so rek lol sounds like fun also i'd say that's more 3.25 it was dude that looks pro af lol dem footnotes font size seems pretty big too It's 11 and that font is smaller than normal 11 size font huh but I like it cause it gives a really nice feel it does meanwhile mine has excel-generated paint-edited charts haha my engineering stuff is sometimes like that only reason u hav bad essays is caue u procrastinate tan lol saving it as pdf instead of word makes it look pro i should do that game? sure here's another one tannuo this is for an engineering class dude stop trying to make me feel retarded the trick to a good essay is to make it look good that colour same w/ reports man your population density chart isn't even centered fuck off lol why don't you make it look nicer quick tips make the sub-section headings a bigger size and then increment your way down its not bad tanlol I don't think he cares at this point its like ... functional ya idc at this point just venting I guess The writing is pretty decent was due 10 min ago if my internet just happened to disconnect during that time rip 35% oh I found a typo well o shit not a typo grammatical mistake it's ok they won't notice I only do because I am a grammar Nazi Clearly, there are other reasons that compels one to commit crime
^that compels should be compel i was actually debating whether it was compel or compels when i was writing it i thought the verb conjugation was I compel you compel he/she/one compels it's always in opposites if you have multiple reasons you have singular compel Zain's a Nazi who knew There is another reason that compels one to commit a crime
There are other reasons that compel one to commit a crime holy the nerd level in here so stuffy also your use of commas and adverbs is disgusting that actually makes sense, if i replace compel with another generic verb it makes sense to not add an s but I think the tone is pretty good  However, there exists little research in terms of how these factors work together.  
Perhaps the only study done so far to attempt to predict the amount of criminal behaviour as 
a function of some number of variables is the study done by Ehrlich in 1973

What do you mean perhaps? it might be but i was too lazy to look up more you should have said something like One such study.. or One of the few TRUE Perhaps makes it sound like you don't know yourself its true i dont know myself lol if you formatted this nicely and fixed the grammatical mistakes easy 90 disregarding the econ content The content looks pretty good like you put in the time but the overall presentation of it makes it look like you didn't Next time, 
1) don't use words that end with 'ly'
2) make section titles bigger and colored
3) Center the charts
4) Nicely formatted page numbers
5) Select a nicer font Zain league? right thanks for the tips oh yeah MS word has a built in spelling + grammar checker always use it it scans through the paper and highlights obvious errors.. it's not all inclusive but better than nothing oh btw raza how did your dark souls go i beat the first boss and got confused about where to go then teleported to the next area and got killed by a dragon ahaha instead of walking up the steps yeah keep going forward down the path and then i got killed by the knight there's a bonfire there ah yeah that bugger i almost had him and then he hit me you can also go to the other side on the left from the first bonfire i should make a new lvl 1 and help i don't like the new kick i only have 1 optional area left in the main game it's harder to use don't use kick ever because you fail more than you succeed either parry, dodge or space for a counter attack there's really no point in kicking you're not going to break their hyper armor unless they're a trash mob i am sitting out ear infection zzzzzz okay so you're not joining us for league yeah also i can barely hear from the left side u ok zain i see was it u traveling? ya hope ufeel better soon i got sick in the states thanks and its not permenant lol between ear and ur lungs i know rite rip I'm like wondering if u hav aids or something lol or some sort of immune weakness but the bronchitis causes ear infections never knew that lol your ears are linked with your throat pressure differentials and fluids can cause infection over time hmm didn't know ta throat nose ears and mouth I suppose now that u know u hav pneumonia or broncchoitis or whatever the hell ur rip for a month right? my mom had it before yep well that was quick gonna order food any suggestions? eat something healthy don't become like me that's all I can suggest to you we played a game of nexus siege and called it a day game? siege was too messy imo rip is dark souls that fun? lol So order 5 burgers and a steak That should last you till tomorrow ye jolly coop league anyone? y u no play OW I'm w8ting for the next patch btw buffing everyone I want to play think Zain and raza is still playing DS3 yo leagu coming discord? k so a guy came to kill me k wow league tony y u no play pokemon go is out legitly leggo boyz YYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS and then you run out of pokeballs and its gg tan next tim eu r back we should go to lakeshore and look for shit hey I am down i need a new phone for pogo my shitty samsung doesnt support it LOL iphone good? or other stuff Please get iPhone 7 Has micro wave charging lol LOL opop Dude sec there's a article LMFAO See It's a typo it's really called I wave only worth if you can do it while microwaving your food otherwise it's probably a waste of electricity goodnite guys night No leauge? night just took medicine to help me sleep without coughing so I need to sleep G'night feel better soon it's nothing serious for some reason my cough gets worse randomly in the middle of the night and I wake up coughing it's really annoying because one can't sleep peacefully aka the tony-ah if anyone wants to league I'm down Gg tony holy shit i actually found a mistake in wolframalpha Oh? note that answer and put it back in as a derivative doesnt get back the original gg wait nvm it does give the original im retarded LOL Lol im so tilted right now couldnt get that on midterm fuck ?? you couldn't integrate that on the midterm? low d high - high d low over low squared come on man is that what they teach you in eng in econ math we still do integration by substitution lol they teach it both ways actually no thats much messier in this case its cleaner to do 2 u-substitutions the substitution method is the same thing at least cleaner writing-wise yeah because you don't need to write out u and v as their expressions its funny how i never actually took calc 2 when i was in math lol but went into alg 3 and all the 3rd year stat courses ah well usually this stuff doesn't come up that question is first year second-term calculus right? yeah holy shit im bad well I did this stuff a few months ago and I have no recollection of how to do it now no wait i remember why i sucked at calc 2 unless you refresh your memory you're not going to remember i did take it but that was second semester first year that term when i played lik 4k ranked games over 3 months LOL explains a lot tannuo that was highschool LMFAO dowey tony you're thinking of derivatives we didn't do any complex integration in high school Tannuo is taking about integration via u and v substitution  oh shit intergrals LMFAO I DERO DERP Those integrations are hard they take like a whole page of work if they're iterative integration by parts is all I remember now how to do them, just a method yeah that's what I was telling tannuo it's hard to remember that shit 2-3 years later I can't even remember it 2-3 months later so what's up guys still kicking myself for not being able to figure that out, would have gotten 100% otherwise Gg complaining About a 90 need to get that 100 yeah pretty much i need all the marks i can get my avg from math is garbage so i kind of need to pull it up to an acceptable level or else my undergrad degree is useless How bad could it be i was actually planning to get 100 in this course i have 5 courses left until i graduate 90 vs 100 on a 35% midterm will matter a lot in the long run Close How's your new gpa you wanted to do a MBA right im not planning on an MBA anymore with 0 job experience, just going for an econ masters Eh still possible there's a student version to apply to If I remember correctly Why not apply to both yeah I believe the student version always requires you to work for 1 year as part of the program so you get a little bit of experience there the sad part is that i was in coop to being with but i actually got zero interviews when i did literally the same as everyone else did in the job selection process like how the hell do you get zero interviews in uwaterloo coop i know it wasnt my marks my marks after first term were actually amazingly good for uw math yet i see someone who failed a first year math course getting multiple offers Uhh your resume or you didn't apply enough i used up all my applications every term my resume was not much different than the typical first year resume that's the problem wasn't much different means average but pretty much all the average resumes got offers no one wants to hire the average guy when they can get a above average guy or at the very least interview opportunities i didnt get an interview i've never even experienced an interview yet I've heard nightmare stories about those but my 1 so far was pretty pleasant I blame wu wuu LOL rip why you blame me You are the one that says let's go leauge the most lol nope Always a bad influence See everyone ageees You owe tannuo parents an aplogy for bringing their son into the darkside Lol gg wu does not say sorry lol rudy I am not down with your shit and simons shit today Gg whys wu so mad today Jokes aside why did you play so much league i lack self control in high school my parents were ultra strict with me on gaming so when i got to uni and they were gone, i binged damn son let's stop talking about this i already feel bad enough ye Life talks though all that matters is that i tryhard for the rest of this term and the next and hopefully thats enough now that i think about it, i wish i didnt live in res for first year and just commuted from home That's such a long commute i should have known that if i lived alone i would just be irresponsible and binge on gaming it's a long commute but at least it's worth staying in the program you meant to go to university for i would have actually studied and did my assignments that alone would have guaranteed at least a passable average you're like all so much more mature than me in terms of this kind of envious of how you can have the self-awareness to say no more and buckle down on studying when it matters Well no point complaining over spilled milk you made mistakes and learned from them sorry for scaring everyone away lol I went to take a shower no one else in this chat normally chats so why does tony keep leaving Rudy/simon stop bullying so how's it going? I hate pokemon go and its shitty ass servers. was trying to catch an ivysaur and it glitched out so now the ivysaur is gone sounds rough indeed gotta be the very best, you know go is firkin addictive I almost got a scyther yesterday rip coudnt find I almost caught a scyther today i had 1 pokeball it wasn't enough hatched a Pikachu tho not sure how that works but ill take it rip zai rip csgo comp what happened I cant use dthe auto anymore =/ so sad rip worst thing is when ppl buy auto and feed it to enemy team lkast round lol but what's important is winning u wanna play some league after you're done? sur Who wants to drive to square for mad pokestops noone you want to go somewhere far out of your way to look at your phone and spin little disks to get imaginary traps to catch imaginary creatures U guys r all lame feel free to bm the hype but its hype for a reason lol as someone who is playing it and has been from launch i don't really get it it's not really a game yet league? needs more features you might as well drive out to park for Go.. Sq1 is def not a good place XD but the pokestops doeeeeee my friends house is best lol every 2 hours 7 pkm spawns got to lvl 8 in 5 huors hours I was so pissed lol think sq1 had only one iirc weren't that many like 5 stops if u need ballz idk if they hav good pkm doe wtf is this real seems right lol is tony and Zain duoing? obvi no lol Or you couldve picked up habits like sleeping at 9 on a school night Do it Dude tony go pokemon go You are going to fall behind Cheer up tannuo just keep at it sup guys what are u all up to trying to figure out why everything coming through my headphones sounds like shit this is a sudden change trying to figure out if I fucked up the settings at some point Hm I know for sure it's not the headphones cause I tried different ones same problem what do you mean sounds like shit audio driver gg'd? try updating them tried up to date most pc's come with hella old realtek drivers TRUE what happens if you take out the headphones just use the laptop speakers cant check at work xD how does it sound? just put on a news channel no one will be the wiser I think it was definitely my settings also fuck alaska yeah fuck raza wait what? I put on the news which atm == Republican National Convention xD oh maybe you accidentally switched the equalizer yeah I think that's what happened also these things also really change sound sound kept going in and out bathroom eh that's some really heavy support people keep saying shit like next president of the US DJT lolol well when you're between bad and worse people tend to lose their minds yeah I guess seriously California? anyone for some league? Lol everyone is away? I'm at work so can't play I got placed into gold 4 rip time to climb damn tony the hero in league? no in dairy queen rating system tony the legit bronze 5 zero LOL tony you need to spend some time analyzing your service to get up your rating have you tried looking into your situational awareness? and then there's actual service mechanics I think its ok but I think my order taking mechaincs are just not up to scratch, my reaction times always too slow ya sucks that your parents rate everything can you make two blizzards simultaneously? and always misclick into the wrong item one with each hand? also my burger flipping skills too slow must be tough working in that type of environment dude you increase your time from 72 seconds? he needs to get a spatula with higher dpi yeah maybe get a higher quality one the home sense ones stick and degrade quick needs to spend more time after work just practicing the motions to improve his APM its really the flick my wrist flicking is not that great you know might have to adjust the sensitivity on the right hand a bit keep it up and eventually you may even be employee of the month Gotta watch & learn from spongebob simon got the winning ideas See zain you found who wants to leauge not u obviously league? in a bit On Thursday maybe qui! k we have 3 for league any more? (and I'm including Zain) sup tannuo best vayne na split push vayne tryndamere im lagging let me play right click jungler and im ok k it says group call but I don't see a group call tannuo joined to say he couldn't play and it ended RUDYYYYYYYY WHERE ARE U soooo anyone back? toni-ah tony AHHH zaina Zain ah AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ah? join us ah ahhh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh sure restarting k Packing finally pretending to pack for that trip eh Always I stole so many kills from simon gg ...tonyah. ... tony-ah? Zain sounds like a girl nagging to bf Rejected Yeah I think wu is playing hard to get tony ah? LOL Tony without gel LMFAO real you back in sauga now?> Tomorrow Sigh I mean never LOL REKT Busy till next year sorry LOL I mean packing till next year Always packing I was asking if you wanted free beer but I guess not I ll remember to never give you any no beer for rudy I mean tony ah -_- welp leaguearino?  Free beer sounds like a trap I still have richards red feederino I can feed if needed to feed Feed me please no you go pack Rudolph Cao Packing since 93 Pack your shit Wow. WOW Rudy Will Pack For Beer Cao Rudy 6 Pack Cao its actually Adolph  will drive for beer cow Adolph? Yeah it's great the heck did everyone go lol they're all playing pokemon GO lel srsly? I wouldn't be too surpised ye what about u? I am being me doin what I do Playing pokemon go? it drains cellphone battery so badly I actually removed it the wifi and data and gps I started carrying around 2 batteries to support my habit rip Simon you can't have that shit on your phone in your position your government would not be pleased lol yeah #NAME? Long con yeah it still sends data to server even if I turned off the app didn't they tone it down? gg it 'pretends' to be closed so worth still ^ going catch them all like if you think about how Poke Go works, where do you think they got landmark photos from.. that's their slogan oh yeah league tonight after i'm done packing? they're trying to catch you all you mean unpacking? nah according to zain i'm always packing I don't think he even knows I left, just knows I've been packing But cow how can you ever 'finish' packing when you're ALWAYS packing EXACTLy HE UNDERSTANDS ME cool don't forget to keep watch you never know what might happen if you stop right? I need a chair there don't i you should set up a video camera and a live feed put it up on twitch you can recruit people to watch w/ you nah I'm sure people will totally be in it would watch wu do that that though but bot game before we proceed to lose all night? or before I go out and play pokemon go either or nah we should....win never said in which mode That's true You never know what might happen amiright GodofCombat? SHOTS FIRED yeah you know...it's not like other lanes fed nah simon fully fed look at that score *cough cough malphite also most damage done ... as malphite? ....... oh god zains malphite yeah..no wonder why vasilli RQ ahaha wait life is strange is free gg o.O you know top lane feed-> gank winning lane bot XD before you look at me, you should blame 50cs ryze LOL nah I blame zain and I am a shitty player - * - = +? zain message tonyah tonyah isn't home yet is he> I feel like he's doing something illicit like pokemon go? lo reague guys? they busy simon and rudy are playing something ? sorry I meant watching laundry real touch tough to do game? 10 min ok I'm free tannuo are you there also roberta do you want to league if yes respond here kk lego tan? otherwise I am watching tv and simon/rudy are watching laundry back to ow? we just need tannuo for a trifecta tan said gimme an hour rip rip rip well if I get invited, I will play let me know wait for tannou you scared off Robert good job rudy btw have you heard Goodbye Angels by rhcp? rip rip game people? ya come on league Rudy, the game owner, will invite u rudy yo guys I got a great idea for a fun challenge/game mode between us Zain buys OW to everyone? sure Next game, we all must pick a META champion that appeared in the LCS that week so we can't play w tannuo And it has to be played in the same position it was played in the LCS I call it, Metamorphosis In doing so everyone here will learn to play meta champions aka me and tannuo are fucked we could also draw straws for positions and then champions in that position we one up it and let another person pick the champion how about we all vote on a team of 5, then randomly assign the positions within the group like Zain pays zed, simon plays yasuou, tannou plays soraka, tony plays jhin, and I play gp like if we pick trundle, nidalee, viktor, ashe and karma we randomly assign those roles to each member of 5 random number genrator let's do it ok i'ma go to sleep goodnite guys night WHICH TEAM SHOULD I JOIN instinct duh the shittest one? who are you roberta instinct lol... misclick I recommend valor tbh then u can be Quinn with the fire skin bruh do u even play and r u even lvl 5 Bro go blue Also Rudy you here? yup whats up? And bro I'm level seven yo are any of u guys canto? They're all Kanto! Ha! I'll show myself out. yeah you get outta here Sup zain leauge? shure zain playing meta champ? time to learn feed* learn* feed** Eventually hype leggo? need tony and simon NK TANNOUS JUNGLING AS AKALI GG against noone gg bait 100% win rate found Harrison today behind a library catching pokemon with alfred LOl Zain was not invited ^ get rekted dude i'm not gonna third wheel that yeah you would don't even lie nah you were so sad but I brought friends you were like </3 how can you not invite me wow even sanjay was there how come u didn't come rudy? u are uft alumni as well you are expected to be there not invited ^ smh bet you were off napping or catching a snorlax yeah not invited LOL tannou just ran away from red buff actaully did not know was not invited t-t I fail to see how it's my problem that you are unaware of things yeah you din't ven invite me wtf zain just look at the minimap man nah get some map awareness JEEZ you wre my support your job ^ please ask simon support's job is to steal kills nah he was busy at mid in any case now you know so next time you should show up yes' think I'll just nap don't you have something to go pack? or some laundry to watch brb yeee that's right u better run I just wanted to league guess not gotta pack t-t I don't like your tone ii'm not ^simon O.o When tannuo hovers any champ other than trynd u guys should play AoE while we wait for tannuo so never we can queue as 3 but that's no fun or we can just gg and live to play again another day meh have you played the new mode yet? nope what is tannuo doing? tannuo is lagging in the washroom ^ oh I know you played it b4 zain ...but I haven't... oh but you have simon confirms it yeah he's nk you played w Robert & raza can't be trusted I've never played with robert and raza w/o tannuo aww that's cute lmao i guess we no play? I'm gonna go work then I can play if u guys want but like rudy, i'm kinda sleepy feel derpy so no ok simon go work I like how we're too lazy to even play games this is really on you but I learned from you cow nah all on you I think you should accept partial responsibility nope 0 as my mentor, you are responsible oh henry is coming into town are you guys going to see him? yeah duh and we won't invite you >: ) drats and be like you should've known ok in that case i'm going to sleep next time you'll know better going full Cao WOOWOWOW no that's wu its before 12 ya but you're ALWAYS asleep wu just happens to sleep yeah semi not fully if you go full asleep before 12 its a wu 9 if you really want to be like him but who really sleeps at 8 true...true Well see the difference is if I was wu I would randomly say goodnight no you would rage quit end call after picking trynd ^ and then not leave for 2 hours but not saying anything to give away that i'm actually there either or message when you wake up ^ tony mechanics good times and plus you scumbagging tannou oh yeah also you picked up the habit of sleeping and messaging for another 2 hours and after being called out go to sleep tru okay then i'ma head off goodnight guys what a guy g'night bet wu will read this convo and be like real guys ^ lol he will cya night gnite hey guys anyone still here? mayb LOL hows it going simon trying to finsh two last assignment of my undergrad career ohhh hypee league anyone i stopped lagging naww too late now skype if ur gonna start gonna ow in the mean time started q lol I saw yolo q? climb to dia 5 I belivev lame wu lame skumbags you wanna come downtown tomorrow and meet sanjay/henry+cindy? Oh I'm heading downtown tomorrow but grabbing some grub with some friends Depends on how long you are staying hold on one sec check fb No you liar oh wow that stealthed cool Lol just read the message now And plus I'm using messenger Not facebook Gg so is your face Tyty Pj man so rudy league? im down to league cool simon? can you give me 15 min tannuo? sure eating atm do u want us to wait nah wow simon, smh thought you were a more upright sort of guy turns out you're a snake like rudy geegee whereas I just have 300 ping probably and not stellar internet you can play tryndamere I'm still cookin Chef Song? nk food tannuo u ready to go so rudy league? also simon, I found your clone today Simon went on a date hype rudy the train got stuck at mimico due to some sort of policy emergency at clarkson Oh shit you ok? ya i'm fine, issue was a few stations forwards Get home safely? but I ended up wasting an hour pics or did not happen ye oh yeah simon I snuck a picture LOL What was the emergency creep people were saying someone got murdered/committed suicide but I dunno seems like gossip/rumours uhm no I do not look like that just cuz he is east asian camera angle isn't that great from the front he looked like you uh huh. definitely another NK spy ofc I'm gonna deny haha maybe they're replacing u simon lol so rudy whatchya doin Driving home drive safe 

Almost home So thirsty rudy always thirsty Yee don't text and drive focus on the road Kk so sup sup Tony We told henry and sanjay about some of your exploits and made you out to seem like a teenage girl Good luck redeeming yourself Also if you haven't met cindy before, your reputation is basically fucked LOL you snakes Any time welp rudy league? new champ seems legitttt what does he do? he does TONY ?? but hes not fat or awkward ? LOJL I already have a champ that's me GRAGUS he has what appears to be a rage mechanic that summons a mount that increases his effective health oh we done? Never back now not sure about tony so rudy u still packin? kk Yes Reading about packing tony tilted nah busy messaging his bar girls yay back welcome back thanks I never want to get into any vehicle ever again especially when tony's driving tony ah #NAME? flying is exhausting night folks gnight who's around and wants to play something hi sup wanna play something sure league in 10 min? k brbs baq wb tannuo where u at lagg fuck that shit play tryndamere don't  need stable internet for that aye who's around sorta? welcome to the club what ails you for now messed up throat ay lets see what the future brings We welcome you Hello Seto somehow I read that as hail seto What's the difference? a heirarchy I see hey guys Sup how are you feeling raza? Bleh haha so that sore throat got worse? About the same Maybe feels worse Doesn't help that I keep waking up at 8 am :/ When I'm sick I wanna be asleep for most of the day :/ take some sleeping meds Uh huh I wonder if we have any hey snakes sup wu nm you? getting on hearth gamearino? noarino? neverarino riparino ggarino ey game boyz? im down el if no one wants to league? im down but idk who's around YEE I'm down for that ;D no I didn't understand what EL meant until now $7 maybe but not 25 11 lol do it U too said Zain lel autocorrect into said I don't have time anymore what happened to your time? work k gonna shower and then sleep good nite fellas play some quality league in my honor cya league? steam got ddosed rip sure o rip tan dipped gg anyone else around? lol group of ddosers fixed lol steam is quite wealthy... ddosing theem I hard the power of redundancy anyone for league? everyone for sleep ? I bet everyone is alspee maybe definitely anyone around? lel rip i am around but going to kill myself because of work rip is it THAT bad? yeah everyone is retarded EVERYONE PLS kill me LOL like the ppl u work with or ppl u serve both everyone LOL how so? example don't you work with rudy? so retarded. fair yeah so Zain hows work I haven't talked to you in a while zain actually going to airshoft? HYPEE I thought that was for league I've never been airsoft is it fun? does it hurt? Work is alright joined at a hectic time LMFAO Zain you said you were going, can't back off now it's just pretty tiring waking up at 6:30 and sleeping at 11 and actually having to use your brain instead of lazing around i need a few weeks before I adjust I'm using my free time at home to learn software fundamentals planning to join some sort of bootcamp course in Toronto once i'm done in a couple of months Rip the dream of slacking holy shit this promotion tournament a top laner with 23 cs vs a 73 cs opponent Mad skillz are u guys doing something I have food and would like entertainment yo rudy if I bring a friend to the airsoft thing can you find him a cute Asian gf? he's in the market we should help him out me and simon chatting about the future rip wassup boyz nm nm you? dang... noones around? o well LOL thanks robert playing ow by my lonesome self rip you should buy everyone overwatch ^ bruh u work so much u should do it naw I don't get paid but you do PFT
paid wut agreed you should buy everyone overwatch league when peeps r back? just get ow dude its only 40 so cheap lol naw going to sleep nite! lel srsly its 10 SO TIREd rip y working? agree with tony if you're tired then go to sleep . you bringing tony to airsoft? gg simon done exams? next week and no rudy, you bringing tony to airsoft. I'm coming to shoot at tony sup guys everyone ignore zain wow I see how it is ? I join and you leave check ur invites yeah see you there rip Zain you actually coming? bros be pcing rip back to ow ?? ?? overwatch lol really yes but I don't get your point so I can feel ike I didn't spend money in vain you should buy us all overwatch so we can join you spend more money in vain! ofc so much worf everyone gamarino? Sure so ur buying everyone overwatch? sweet I was w8ting for this day naw everyone is going to play csgo because everyone has that ya but no one likes that game lol that's it I am playing csgo rip kk nvm I am going to gym game after guys? I will be asleep gggggggg kk Zain you still awake/wanna play reageu fo regends? and others? nah I'm heading to sleep now I'm eating got tilted this morning from lack of sleep rip no redemption for the wicked im lagging LOL alright enjoy your sleep ty RIP everyone diparino enjoy your game play w/ tannuo time to drag cow in if we get at least 3 il join I'm eating but semi present ZZ done tannuo join us rip he said laggy welp 2 ppl so naw tmrw LOL kk I guess I go to sleep reagu/ don't think anyone else is here I'm out I m dead league anyone? im here brb back so quiet here for a weekend is today the airsoft day or something? :/ league anyways? rather keep playing runescape if there's nobody else k wait tannuo you wanan come I thought you were in loo been at home since wednesday lol LOL ok 2 things next Wednesday wanna come to montanas w me and cow and simon also you wanna airsoft next weekend on Saturday 9am-1pm? sure but i'd rather not do any physical activity legit have not done anything physically stimulating since beginning of this year lol unfit as fuck it not bad just cod lol fine tony I just beat your best time 16 hour work day on a saturday #getfucked also do u guys want to play ultimate werewolf online let's figure out how to make this work what we need:
1) Assign Roles
2) Skype; one person can put their phone up against their mic for the instructions phase breaking step 1 down
1) need to randomly assign each person a particular role from a group of roles 2) need to do so without any of the other players learning of their role is it one of those mafia games ye who's down need at least 4 to play im down sure but I'm in a bot game atm no worries we need to figure out how to make this work join.me do we stillneed one more for airsoft I has le friends if u need it yeah and no not gf btw before u ask lel ROBERT HAS FRIENDS?! geegee how come I don't have any friends how do you do it Robert? give ppl food that always always work s is it because I always make your face comments? buy ow before overwatch I was a scrub like u but when I bought overwatch my popularity exploded its a miracle cure to loneliness!!! really? YES and it costs 120 but can be yours today for 39.99!!!!! buy now and il add u to my friends list so u instantly feel less lonely! or we could play ultimate werewolf one night excel style so who's around? I so we got 3 between us On my way home Will take about 10 minutes btw tannuo I don't think the werewolf thing will work out. 2 big problems:
1) join.me doesn't allow for multiple users to gain mouse control. You also need to request access which would give away players' classes. 
2) It's not possible to use class abilities without the specific players manipulating the excel file the combination of the above makes it pretty hard if that program dosnt work program a game from scratch just for werewolf can umake it mobile too Problem isn't in making the game so I can lie on my bed and play? thx zain game is made the problem is allowing other people to manipulate the game or interact w/ it He meant like an app Robert was telling you to make an ultimate werewolf app I shall repeat the problem isn't making the app the problem is allowing other people to manipulate the app or interact w/ it Sigh where is Simon I need people who understand computers it's not possible without some sort of web server or database Google docs? to retrieve & store information, then communicate it between multiple users Google docs is an option but it doesn't give you the ability to hide things A possible implementation is to keep all the classes in white font color and then just let people manually manipulate the cells Which would be the easiest way to get a game going Well you could make multiple pages and  have the first one blank ? Nevermind Stupid idea well yeah we can do a google docs version if we only have 4 ppl if we have more than 4 one person can act as a mod Was  singing everything was the same as the excel idea either way let's try it Brt fu man robert join TANNUO WE DID IT any1 who wants to join our werewolf game join the discord group or msg me simon u wanna play super fun I play after I clean my hosue FUUU I hate this nah play now rest of us will be busy later naws clean now LOL RIP friends now clean later or play while cleaning ez I guess I play 7 days later XD no but I have to clean now I have work tomorrow morning went out to eat lol ok join us on werewolf its fun we on discord ROBERT JOIN US SO MUCH FUN brb lol how long til you get back roberttaaaaa ROBERT WHERE ARE U TONY SIMON COME ON GUYS how was le round lol did everyone just dip u guys we're just playing with us 4 join us how on discord using google docs go on discord so much work lol who was that lol do it? lost that game btw, losing 15 hp turns out to be pretty bad reappppp were you guys playing some high quality league of legends? very low quality league of legends actually hey tony what are u up to nm you? ooh low quality league of legends? where?! was there a call did I miss it? gg yeah i'm gonna be a tony i'm going to sleep guys no one answered LOL going to sleep now living the life I'm at work night! LOL no i'm kidding sleep time is at 10pm silly ? ? ! league? tony is gone to die oh? in 7 days ah I'm down and steve prbly too oh lol no i'm not wasting time on leaguerino O SHITTTT I hate that game as much as I love making your face comments to raza I'm so sry but I forgot to ask when is airsoft again... it is on saturday when as in 9am aww crud.... work? ya I don't hav time till like 1 so sry I totes forgot to ask you can join us for robsters? cause I don't normally do stuff sat my bad np I'm going to shoot tony like I'm still wondering wtf robsters is lol dude u don't know robster roll? no lol wtf is that you've never had a robster roll? so okay it's like this you take a robster and you put it into a roll lobster and you get a robster roll robster* ftfy lobster roll? .... ... robsta roooooww tastes even better imitation crab meat and mayo? always legit anyone here feel like leaguing and waiting 20 min nah it's straight robster wow I'm impressed price? always >$10 generally $15 for the whole combo? yeah k that's ... not cheap but fair yeah it's fair problem is quantity is small of the roll itself but the sides make up for it by the end you feel satisfied if you just want a LOT of food for $10, there are way better things to eat I suppose ur right but I'm willing to try once downtown right? ya raza cant see what you pmed me im in low priority queue that's basically what I asked i said: toxic queue? here thx raza I just realized the two groups differ by 1 person lol yup legittttt robertttttttttttttttttttttttttt sup :/ play? sure .. I'm using an unsupported device no one on reague? wth when did ppl get lives O.O idk urf kench is on sale someone plz buy it what is life? Badass I realized yesterday that I needed friends oh? he kept playing this on the radio league anyone? only if you answer me 3 questions oh? What is your name? Raza What is your quest? To find the holy grail Well that solves that, you don't need to play league to accomplish that one go find the grail we'll talk after it's my down-time when I'm not finding the grail I play league and right now i'm not finding the grail What is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow? A European swallow or an African swallow? Huh.. I don't know how do you know so much about swallows? aww they cut out the best part I watched a movie about them How do you know so much about swallows?
Well you have to know these things when you're king, you know. referring back to the discussion earlier when they were sieging the castle hehe yeah one of the funniest parts of the movie this entire movie was hilarious yeah so either way, league? after he pops the real question everyone disappears lol i'll play in about 30-45 min k il join too rn if ur down or wait idk 30 minutes then! we only have 2 anyways? actually I wouldn't hold me to that exhausted ah 4 hours of airsoft and then like 10km of walking around downtown either way we only have 2 rip baq wb wat are u guys up to nm up for league? waitning on u league lol why didn't u guys just duo q ok I will play 1 because you guys waited tannuo you here? yes he's just pretending to be online so he doesn't have to play with you dweebs #setokaiba wow no one is awake hi no one. hi how are you doing hi tony I'm doing good have you met no one? no I have not met arya stark of winterfell why aren't you talking to yourself? Wth this is a weird conversation lol hi rip clg anyone league? I can play in 10 min so robert wats up nmnm u? nm game? ya sure hey tannuo is here too no im not oh nvm tannuo is not here not sure why I thought he was so u guys wanna play werewolf otherwise ima ditch? im down Roberta? raza? kk back rip lol ah Zain left didn't realize league? anyone else down? lol just woke up from nap so u down? sure I can play 1 game of league back HOLY SHIT YORIK REWORK wtf league finally LOL 1 game if anyone is down k wanna wait for tannuo to eat? yo sure lol maybe in half an hour gg your face is gg wha are we gg'ing? no one came back no one said they were coming back? maybe would've been nice either way what do you mean maybe xD Robert said he's going out for dinner, and I said i'm done for tonight tony went all tonyah oh did you? didn't know you said that rip hi guys Hi guessing everyone left Yup anyone around? Hi lol figrues league? Sure gimme 10 do we have anyone else? NOPE rip back started lol that was special that was so boring the corki doe so much dmg wtf I noticed lol holy shit that chain gun just shredding everyone unfortunately he kept pushing after I zoned twitch off farm twitch had a sad game I notied.. feel bad they should've just remade yasuo shouldn't have dived at like 2 minutes ROFL greedy did you see where he died the first two times? no lol I was just looking at the map and it was lee sin and zed next to our mid turret the second time it was between the turrets I think he was pretty greedy.... Yup ezreal was your kryptonite? holy shiz fking hard as lame yas and ez probably swapped? prbly we need more people tho that was so boring hey you guys are winning games I say you keep up the streak hey simon, if you read this, is your server on a vm or do you have a physical box laying around? simon in korea I believe also Zain why you no join them cuz I'm lazy and no fun without a tony you know it I be done my assignment soon sooo we shall play then I think both raza and Robert peace's out I'm heading out in about 10 minutes to play board games might be back around 8:30 - 9 enjoy hfhf so toni ah cancel gaming plan? or do u wanna play some good ol fashioned COUNTER STRIKE LOL eating right now me too but i'm eating chips eating bacon rice sausage and mixed vegetables kk done eating lets go Zain csgo right? ya well w.e I don't really care league or go? Overwatch sounds good too right guys? buy it anyone down to play red alert 3? ROFL Zain / tony r u guys  duo queueing OF COURSE Red alert 2 best red alert 3 is pretty good cause 2 player campaign was so fun #ye ra3 allthe way but yuri revenge pretty fun only 5 bucks even u jews must admit cheap as hell I already have it doing assignment right now playstation now is coming to pc now I legit have no reason to buy a playstation that's ironic I may have it on origin not sure tho back Anyone want to play Ra 3? not really lol hey apparently I actually have ra3 zomg u shud play overwatch w/ robert so raza wats up nm how was ur board game thing? class schedule for this semester is in constant flux board game thing was fun many board games were played which ones red dragon inn, tsuro, skulls and a jenga variant did u play werewolf? we did not play werewolf shame we could have but I forgot about it and no one else suggested it was washing dishes oh was actually just about to accept when you logged off xD xD Anyone around? test yo finally my skype is working I was going to say LOL that delay doe Everyone else has a life too Rip* nothing was going thruu rip rip indeed and Zain said Of course bb in response at 10:13 look at you all having lives and stuff yeah be more like simon k dere ayee welcome back simon you were missed orlly ya man I'm not cold hearted like the rest of these folk looool where have you been at? Tony said u were in korea yeah for funeral did u just get back? like 3hrs ago oh and again my condolences thanks Where did you go in Korea?  pretty much no where funeral is 1 week long soo woah do you guys follow the burial style funeral? uh idk traditional Korean style something like this? I'm sorry for your loss Simon. you guys have a pretty involved process I...think so it's different per family, region are u coming out tomorrow? yeah alright guess I'll see ya then going to sleep? I'm gonna try lol probs just gonna kill some time watching utube vids ya i'm pretty sure your jet lag is gonna screw u over you're like 11 hours 14 but raza I'm watchin utube vids 14?! jeeeeeeeeeeeeeez but tilt of legends i'm already tilted tilt more to straighten out hey guys anyone up? yes hows it going eh school starts monday haha sucker yours already started right? nope ours start next week ah both rekt tony how are u awake how am I not? fair. so Zain we meet you tomorrow at that time? ya sure convention center at 12:30 ok do tyou have your tickets printed out? lcs? yeah ill look for you guys in the stream lol you wont see us we don't have signs gg oh am I supposed to print something out everthing tony I think u have my ticket for the actual event yeah i only the rift walk ticket but for therift walk yeah ya no worries kassadin ticket op lol yeah kassadin ticket? rift walk I don't have anything o.o i wish they'd all stop picking the exact same champs each game Canadian supports eh? omg that was amazing game 4 epic I stopped watching after game 3 p/b omg u missed game 4 holy shit best game i see neck in neck gold score tied team fights swinging back and forth at a moments whim the mechanics from both sides were unreal one fight was like so far so good, fuck we're losing, ooh wait the turn around? nvm... WAIT DOUBLELIFT IS STILL ALIVE, OMG DOUBLELIFTUUUU lol this one holy shit they even cut out the first part of that one where biofrost got picked then they managed to pick smoothie in a 4v5 and the thing is all tsms kills were on vlad so when bjerg died it was like gg I see that team fight turned the game so good ah watching the game now skipping through cause i can i'm down to play some league rite now tho I only have an hour ish sure gotta sleep gimme 5min one more clock tower wrong skin anyone around? On my way home did u txt and drive ? rip u I don't think he drives but rip anyways I don't I just didn't follow up I just got home and was like, rip chat. all this time Robert was waiting for you got caught up talking to housemates about someone potentially being depressed yeah guess who's depressed now ROBERT see what you did gg no re dissapointed thought you were beter thatn this where'd Robert go anyways? ah league Robert and raza right now the feels Robert's open letter to Raza glad to see you're in a good mood zain I'm always in a good mood that has to be a lie Robert part 3 dude what is this story ur writing lol league anyone? sure the hell did u go Sure LOL GG GG NVM fulll rip gg K no one playing league lately? rip too busy man yeah Zain I believe raza not so much too busy getting rekt by school and doctor visits and limping around campus why are you limping? but now I have a 4 day weekend plantar fasciitis as far as I am currently aware whats that??? An inflammation of a thick band of tissue that connects the heel bone to the toes. dam that sounds pretty bad it sucks does it hurt a lot? or is it just numbing pain hurts especially when walking and I had to walk a lot this week RIP gl raza hope u feel better soon thanks anyone for league in like 10  minutes or so? k I like how you treat it as work Any for league?
Ugh k no one said ugh lol it was implicit back inv raza & fu the love story continues people still play? that was painful Time to Feed Tannuo what happened to tannuo is he underfed? please feed him more he's hungry only if u hold his change interesting done he's not getting that back your face is interesting! and where was that he's not getting it back attitude at timmies? Too lazy had coffee so what's up rudy how is life are you still snaking ppl? nope do u munch on someone else' lunch all Zain's job a whole bunch I HAVENT MUNCHED ON OTHER PEOPLES FOOD IN TOO LONG I should get started mhm Zain can I come over for food tomorrow? sure meet me downtown what snaked SO HARD wow didn't even snake u that hard YOU DONT EVEN LIVE DOWNTOWN I just invited you to go downtown NOPE WAS NOT IN THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS >: ( you can't do this to me read the fine print there was no fine print this is skype... yeah it was written it disappearing ink lame hehe u wanna play something like BAD RATS nah going out ooooh OOOOH after I finish my work OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH which Is never WOWWW RUDY IS GOING OUT DAMN yeah look at that DAYUUUUUUUM can I come? impossible right? no you didn't give me food >.> ya cuz u didn't invite me out today >.> Zain want to come drinking no ok wowwwww sure i'd love to where are we meeting and when? mexico in a hour at wu's house of course or dq wherever he's at probably dq oh right cuz you need to have ppl dancing all over u again whiel you passed out Loool duh simon do u want to come too Yeah cuz rudy is light weight yeah I never get to dance with girls reguarlly What's the food gotta be passed out apprently tony will probs order swiss chalet Food on tony? sure cool what about u guys Robert/tannuo/raza? Nah let's skip them okkk so rudy what time? BTW cow, I bought grey goose Now OOOOOOOOOOOO should not tell us nah one shot one opporutunity will fit much better COME ON ZAIn Stalker and you should've used his skype display picture rudy I only see a picture of a monitor on his profile pic pretty good picture if you ask me league anyone? I see your face remembered that it likes saying, your face is [....] a lot. So toxic simon do u want to ranked 3s? yeah well, I didn't either so yea. In a bit Omw home aye ima sleeppppp by 12 tho Toni pls Home in 5min wowww tony goes out to party till 4 am now so ppoular he's a different person whoa wu went clubbing again? no wonder he's not responding wu goes clubbing every week/ other week o.O wow NEVER TELLS ME bet you go I keep getting ads for watches now so yeah me too ooh free engravings fucking fb spying on all our shit I unchecked everything they thought I was interested in cow I actually like all 3 of the brown straps more than the black now they just show me random shit/ stuff friends are supposedly interested in because you're brown duh and yeah both look nice to me ya well at least they have brown straps yellow straps aren't in this one looks funky WHOA you just went there YOU SHOULD GET THIS lool I already have a watch but it has gears and shit you need more than one exactly one for casual not when u buy a good one wow so rich buy a better one so you buy a shitter one for casual or a better one so you use that one for casuaul I can't afford to buy a better one depdning on how rich you are this was a gift on a scale from rich to tony ^ Zain 3s? or do we have nuff for 5s? wait how can u have a scale from rich to tony when tony is rich da fuck is this logic btw raza like htere's rich than theres tony rich tru tru lol no cow has to go meet rudy to get drinks and dance w/ women he announced the game in the interview with his shirt! and then tony is going to go meet scum but he doesn't get to dance w/ women Zain is going to dq to go drinking with wu sorry raza only if there is grey goose and NK agents there is at simons you just gotta pick him up 10/10 convo anyone else getting worried about tann isn't he with wu? nop where is everyone codin they see me codin they hatin and rollin their eyes cuz I am so white n nerdy looooool simon I wanna play bard are you ready? to not get any kills loool let's gather some more peeps cao? Robert? raza? TONY AH?! guess no one's around gg loool rejected watching something atm np i'll play if there are more ppl around wowwww such snake btw are u familiar with python? I was looking at it today and it's soo I'm master python my number 1 lang strange no declarations or anything XD lmao really? yeah python dones't enforce static type yeah science, security, business field use python ye I was looking into for data science uh I suggest you dont y? data science / AI / ML is really hard to apply unless you learn in grad school my personal experience + prof's word  from school esp when you don't have strong cs background you're talking to a guy who knew legit 0 about IT and then learned it in one year exactly that is why I say dont I don't have trouble learning things as long as they're interesting to me I'm playing board games again if I find them boring then my attention span is like a child in a candy store which is why I didn't really like eng a lot of the topics are really dull Yeah yeah Is true I think you're right tho simon I would have liked doing com sci I seen so many eng ppl tried to switch cs I imagine the same I think Mechanical engineering is good for ppl who like CAD, gd&t, manufacturing, design etc. if you can't intuitively figure out what types of gears, nuts or other parts you need to put something together you won't get far into a career it's easy to do well in academics I can do well in the academic portion despite not enjoying the actual spirit of it It's interesting, but not necessarily fun that's what cs is for me haha guess the grass is always greener minus the fact that almost everyone fails in clas xD it's cuz u went to loo if u came to uft you'd pass with flying colors lool I don't know if other skules are just way more strict or whether everyone is retarded but it's almost impossible to fail a course at uft zzz I've gotten a 10% on a midterm and still ended with a 70 wtf I've gotten a 40% on a midterm and ended with 85 how the fuck is that possible i dunno profs mark very generously did you get like 100% on everything zz if they feel like you understand something they don't care about anything else Mech eng is easier tho compared to electricial and eng sci if you read over all the notes, go through the text to fill any gaps and then do all the practice finals you're pretty much guaranteed a 75 gg back 3s with jungle bard? uhh bard hm I'm not good at him XD we played one against one right? that's fine rip no simon where is tony i like playing w/ him tony come Zain why you do dis hey tony how are u ok finally got a new laptop wtf is this convo name LOL that's why you mia gg can you finally run games in high graphics? holy shit tannuo got a new laptop hopefully SHIT fuck me i uninstall gg the ap trynd will be so strong now if he had 10 ping this would be game over someone buy this man a good mouse/mousepad amd 4 core a8 6410 whatever that is and a direct p2p connection to korea on a 1gig pipe o right I gotta install leage a dedicated one gig pipe with QoS you can copy/pasta it from your old laptop just put it on a drive my old laptops hard drive got rekt no idea how probably because the fan didn't work properly.. fan was fine ok dere...your fan was making so much noise if anyone has a spare hard drive lying around where do you find your laptop's specs in windows 10 dxdiag in cmd 6144mb ram lol wtf why is it 6 lol ikr think my old one had like 2 screenshot it it goes a4->a6->a8, so a8 equiv of i7, why does it have 6 gb ram WTF go to display 1366x768 0.0 WHAT at least you got a graphic card lol that's what hell looks like how much was it 310 oh LOL ok that cpu is weaker than 3rd gen i3u lol LOL really? I thought a8 is highest tier 4th gen* well it's amd though LOL it was either new laptop or replace my old harddrive with an ssd hype increase those league graphics to low ^ anyone for a game? so we've solved the mystery on where tannou went to nah too busy checking out watches LOL SRS all the watch ads .. tan you wanan watch me arena while you wait to install leaguearino? sure tony streaming on facebook HYPE hi guys sup everyone's MIA Peops got life disappointed haha jokes on u, I has no life ure sure* trye true* wow that was so perfectly synced calculted calculated* inded indeed* reported brb you guys are right, this laptop is shit playing runescape while watching a youtube video youtube video having fps drops like what even my old toaster wouldn't do that oh skum playing league hypeee COW JOIN league anyone? im down brb I will come in 5-10 min back i'll join after dinner back who's around me . tannuo pls let me jungle let's ranked 3s u can jungle uh idk pls tannuo can't jungle in 3s I just cant lane tannuo needs infinite jungle like 5s ye pve only grind monsters ya I think tannuo would be too busy farming while everyone else is getting farmed on not survive he will so are we just waiting for simon? I may get food then same kk I'm out for a bit have to drop some family members home in like an hour k I'm back wait zain what am I waiting forz back I can't play a game until these guys say they want to go home gg impact OP I just noticed win 10 autocapitalizes I for you wow u just noticed? ya do you know what that also means M$ is watching everything you do collecting this data feeding it into a statistical analysis machine so they can analyze trends and figure out how to cater their software to you in the future ok going out to drop ppl yay Zain back? guess not ya sooo league league now? ya i'm available I guess leaguearino? we are currently getting rekt I am done after this xD I'm lagging so fucking hard ff in 5 seconds wow win 10 even types I'm for you when you type I and then m youre guys lets play werewolf since I'm lagging tony I have 80 gold quest go on hearthstone sure lagging oh yeah ty for carry and first win simon ty tony for the laughs ZZ work on em' ulties please wu lmao hey guys I got the 80 gold quest if youw ant to play free golddd hi Is it free free or temporarily free is it legit should I link my steam? its humble bundle.... legit you get a code you can copy pasta it tells me to link steam to it ZZ lmfao no clue good luck wu and yes limited k I got it #still owe tony LOL league? owe us overwatch eh kk league anyone? in 5 min soo no one except toni? rip no one for leaguearino wow I like how raza got straight up ignored i mean i dislike it but i also kinda like it cuz it's amusing he didn't accept tony i came into work today had a meeting with CIO he gave me 9 projects, 6 of which I knew close to nothing about, and said he wanted a comprehensive summary of each one with financial data by end of the day i spent the whole day on that RIP and then found out that the financial data I was using, the people were inconsistently using USD and CAD in their data without specifying so much work LKMFAO I just assumed everything was USD cuz it was coming from the states i'm just like gg now i have to somehow figure out what is CAD and what is USD so that sounds like a fun thing to do guess we aren't going be talking to Zain anytime soon back :/ we were playing how to survie now we have to sleep =/ I played it for a bit too steam thinks I'm still playing it! GG kk night! nite LOL LOL my league password nothing important Ah Loool I'm out atm picking up friend from airport :/ anyone for gamearino? who is even around tan is definatly wheres Zain is Friday hes usually free Planting the bomb wow rudy Says the nk that's testing nuclear please it's just an earthquake Likely cover up tru story though hi I'm down now was watching anime done now kk anyone else down Me sur robertttttttttttttt Jk not home yet Just touched down LOL everyone at the airport today where you go wheres tannuo 0.0 Dominican Tannuo just got new laptop n o? Robert league? rip just got home guessing ur all in game or we ignore you since we hate you either or really lol rudy hows the assignment g g g fucking g uhh almost done rekt probably going be four pageS? maybe a bit more meh getting lazy ow was leaugriono LOL not time to half assed ? hows that econ essay tannou should help did u all leave lol im here still sorta here can u actually spectate off blizzard client I cant need to install game thought so lol lemme c if I lag still hey guys so did you plant the bomb hi hi of course you have 20 seconds simon good luck! pls I defused it you're no fun me nk spy me defuse bomb real gud ye lmao gud one Gg why not go for wu he didn't ask the right questions league anyone? i'll play iff tony plays if and only if? lol yes I love that acc rip Wu leauge? tony too busy playing poe Gg sure league What Thought you were on poe it's that time of the year New patch kk leaguearino? welp patching gg kk tell me when done so don patching but luagge is coming in like 5 mins ?? the lost luggage delivery is soon kk why does it matter? Zain? sup of course rudy is doing something related to packing reague of regends? literally not creative enough to come up with anything else nope ready i'm packing sorry ?? raza? he's dead to us what ever happened to the yung tryndamere god trynd is comming reguing? How was feeding all the feed Yes is tannuo full? Too much feed, wouldn't recommend. gg yetsreday's games quite cancer lel yup anyone for some more cancerous games? league boyz? I'm down but my food will be coming within the next half hour anyone else? why u guys always wanna get cancer gg join us JOIN USSSSS back leggo no one else is around? rip i can play ripperino leggo Zain? sorry talking with a cow not the cow a cow ? brb back anyone down for league? back wtf I just palyed with some random who got mad and was like u americans what can u do smoke weed and I'm like wtf is that bm???? yo zain the guy tried to bm me by telling me hes my father wtf lol wut lol reference to Asian novels where the protag disses other ppl by telling them hes their father idk its some weird Asian thing oh sorta dont get how that's a dis but okay papa can i have some money >.> hows life simon job treating u good? meh just declined job offer looking for something better WOW hes balling how much do u make fresh out of school? ish dev 60-75k IT 50- 65k ish WTF dang so jelly we make like 40 lol well IT is booming right now so yeah what do u do just program? program system management , system operation etc T.T assembly makes me sad dirty dirty we have to rewrite some c in assembly and it sucks :/ so c compiler reague boyz? you say that now but simon's been playing for 8 minutes! he's ahead of the curve lel tan u there wanna play holy I lost 4 ranked in a rwo row lel playing poe rip raza game hi ya gimme 5 min to go to another room so I can talk OH LOL zain league? nope busy welp you missed nothing YAY DONE ohh what were you doing finishing rewriting some c functions in assembly and getting it working nice but once I got both parts working I broke it apart again since technically they were different problems and the first part broke rip but it was due 20 minutes ago so gg Or did you? or did you? Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball z mm It's tony's birthday guys OMG IS IT REALLY? Yeah U missed it zain damn I said thank you to someone named tony earlier today felt bad I had to type it in an e-mail Thank you Tony felt so wrong That's why he invited you  to come Halt birdbath Toby Happy birthday Tony* ohh shoot lol tho I think you're trolling because tony is too much of a scumbag to be born today he would be born during a more scumbag time of year Yeah he didn't want to make a big deal about today, wanted to get a small thing We just leaving at 9 I forgot until his rents went happy tonaiiiiiii yaa cept ya know facebook is a thing Wow zain and you guys are both auto-capitalizing the first word of your sentences feels like a common con It's tony's lunar birthday Yeah my Facebook birthday is fake', only my real friends would remember but no one did Noone is you are because you're also capitalizing Nope didn't know Uhh I'm on my phone What's wrong w that yeah And tony would never give his phone to me that means you guys are sitting as a group and plotting come on guys you should stick to league league anyone? or werewolf or anything really. these guys are too busy having a bday party shame it totally slipped my mind cuz I was so busy yesterday and today Want to join? it says group call but nothing happened O.o I don't see a call You still busy ? You Said you were busy Want to game with birthday boy i get to game with LE TONY? Yeah we should play comp Do it He's going drink gg Leauge? With birthday boy sure When u guys meeting tmrw I'm done work at 12 prbly it was today for my birthday awkws  league? oh rip we done gg idk NOPE WE DONE k sad cuz i was gonna play adc but i guess not. accept the invite and see what happens? Leggo nope call ended gg GG geeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee geeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee gg JUST REDEMPTION THINGS gege gg no reague? well think Zain is gone rip zain yup rip leauge League is cancer And this chat win percentage must be like 20% Tilt city reague anyone? tony is always down but he's too busy hitting on ladies wut rip sup cow havnt seen u in a while dead lel literally rip yeah Yo Wu was yesterday actually your birthday It's also my dad's birthday And his name is also Tony Trippy lol lmfao your dad is named tony no wonder you disappoint him so much ^  -_- do anything fun for your dads birthday? yeah he got to not spend time with tony #worth? to spend more time with tony.... gg rip lol whered everyone go lol dunno to spend more time with tony? DA DA TING hi guys #NAME? wow cold reception hi reported for NEGATIVE ATTITUDE paying bills enjoy your toxic queue with tannuo No one likes you zain bitch I like me bills paid Nah you don't. ..if you like yourself you wouldn't be playing toxic legend w us lets all play toxic legends What am I doing right now? Not playing toxic legends That's what and that's a variable in your life that should change from 0 to 1 well I'm okay with any value as long as it's >0 so wanna play 5 games of league? Were also enabling a bonus IP weekend. Starting at 12:01 a.m. PT on 9/16 but sadly that's 3am here ha i'm busy all weekend jokes on you uft gg Zain acting busy we also get kayle and riot kayle wow we should ranked 3s we have all the variables 1 diamond boosted adc
1 crap jungler
1 raza wanna smurf so we can actually win games? also me and simon are already on league if you want to ranked 3s gg Zain leaves after suggesting it RIP
LOL dem 3 3's il join but simon started one eh rip yeah he said he's gonna play a coop and sleep k pce then sorry had to jump into an important call rip and everyone ignores zain but I never ignore everyday ??? ya I'm sleepy ? XD XD got rekt by tony happy birthday it;'s your birthday today too rite? I feels like yesterday when u were 23 now you're the big two-four naw my birthday is tomorrow  and everyday now according to rudy rekt by tony, body by Jensen, snake by zain only yesterday why else would he be so happy wearing that moose hat relevant says zain completely relevent that moose head is used for birthdays at montanas ^ anyone for leaguearino? I'm laggarino so playrino rudy why you no playarino uhh I could play one max play in 1 hour finish your assignment gg why notn ow are you done assignment? no like 2 more hours but than I won't want to league gg tony y u no poe kk we play in 2 h or we play one and i'm done for the night already in game lol ....... gg I just got zained by wu GGGG gg tannuo gtfo path GTFOOOOOOOOO guys i'll play just let me get some food first i'll play in 20 FUCK YOu YOU DONT GET TO EAT LOL only scrubs eat ^ denying skinny Asians from eating 10/10 cow dude its not like hes trying to beef have you seen him try to gain weight 10/10 does not work dude I weigh like 6 pounds lemme fucking eat fuck you that's one more than African children that's enough tannuo it's not nice to swear fuck you brb your moms going wash your mouth with soap young man so redemption redeemmm tony got tilt and gg LOL for tannuo damn is he on steam again yeah   btwrudy legit that's a really good song REDEMPTIONNNNNNNNNNNNnn JUST DO IT Still playing  RUDY REDEMPTOIN nope reague boys? I see wu cow and simon on lol ok I practice nid make i made inv Oh is Tony getting rekt? Zain why you so late I'm downtown right now go home Watching at tiff movie say you got to meet a friend Soon what sad life that bad? TANNUO IS BACK BOYZ time to reconviene so did u guys win nope no got rekt we got wrecked so I want to redemption if its just us 3 I don't mind playing 3s il join if raza is in i'll join but next game currently in champ select lol k who u playing with aram i think hes solo yo so why did everyone leave in a game rn o everyone else? wu had to study cause tony k won fk i lost lel 3s? k one sec almost done rekt think you get snaked by zain man that movie was fucking amazing 10/10 would recommend Japanese horror films uh huh you guys should definitely checkout midnight madness at tiff next year ?? tonai hi hey raza ? A little bird told me haha what did you do? oh right I was just very confused I expected better from you guys. I am very disappoint. i thought you were in the lobby and then was like: wait, Zain isn't here? I was watching Sadako vs Kayako i wasn't particularly upset, that was other people Woww these guys I just joined to say hi and introduce my buddies to my other buddies i think tony's assumption was that your friend assumed you had no other friends so you were proving him wrong Aeric was very happy to finally speak to Tony and then Tony ignored him on the call yo lemme thresh again I'm actually ok at thresh simon started cull and was lagging to be fair we did fine tbh WTF YOU SUPPORT NOW ya thresh is fun someone queue adc I want to redemption thresh just play norm then k i'll solo then who is coming raza has been adcing right o.O or zain ZAIN DONT DITCH TANNUo raza rudy come nope not going play league damn your internet is being shitty pce everyone dipped for league Zain slept Rudy said no and Simon lagged league? no reague? rip reap anyone home and down for a game lol rip I feel for u raza the hard worker game anyone? hi wanna join raza gimme 5 minutes sure join invite? I did tan wann ajoin tony one more till 5 u guys there wu tannuo wu in bathroom what lol he just replied u playing one tan na tanbut the 3's doe wait wait wait what the hell is this new champ looks op as fk lol gamme guys? its confusing I mean u make bush and u idk release jungle minions? wtcf who was duo queueing on Robert and simons accounts earlier y do u care llol curious and lol tony   wtf y does the guy hav on a jax hat he looks like jax poe things I know the character just looks like jax trippy game anyone? k sure I cant my elo too high other acc is 20 min penalty because I left a game ? gimme an acc someone then do ranked teams inv again I actually don't have toxic queue yo we need someone to play hard engage when we are up against shit like that malphite vi and stop picking shit champions like vayne vayne has no waveclear game boyz? studying T.T pft who needs to pass life people that is in school w.o a job u do dairy queen Dixie outlet mall manager in training LOl ok der thanks yo so successful doe hi ok wu you can go play simon and tanuo r both on if u come wu its 5 o cow well simon's in game as is tannuo ay down to play sure someone else start one im bugging out are we waiting on tannuo or no? y ont not hes willing to join when hes done brb washroom yo tan did u finish re zero what did u think of ending haven't watched the last 4 episodes wtf my league wont connect to interwebs might have to run the admin file from league folder wtf I tried instant boot off interwebs restart pc? brb yo so are we playing idk did Robert ever come back? oh hey tony Rip interwebs one of you stop breathing into your mic no same rudy be our fifth? nope sorry busy k gonna go cya cya FK I JUST GOT HERE LOL interwebs y lol gg 3's anyone if we have 3 sure rip tmrw then you can It makes no difference too hard for me its not me I have mi muted muc mic that does nothing you can still get queued with people in your ignore list we still playing? tan r u coing back Plz comp Sci ppl fix my fking dns server issue ... ipconfig /flushdns go on cmd flush dat dns it's like flushing the toilet after you take a huge dump feels good man Holy shot that worked Rip I think it's my modem power cycle that shit? (turn it off and on again ) I already rebooted did you leave it off for like 30 seconds? the game just ended it was 4v5 was pretty fun yeah not everyday you get to play assassin hecarim or feeder zyra no I play feeder zyra all the time feeder zyra too strong you know how this goes, redemption only does  3k less damage than assassin hecarim hi guys what's a good way to have a section of a function in assembly only work the first time it runs forgot all about assembly zz reague? no one is on yeah :/ tony is on down anyone there interwebs wseems to be working too also k anyone want to join simon and I on fractured space ?? whats that simon u punk u ignored me free space game on steam whats it about you control your ship and blow up other people's ships its like world of warships #NAME? any fun and its free try it last time I playedgameplay was great matchmaking not so much I just faced a player that had his first arena game but its released now so it should be better he soulfired me turn 2 to the face instead of my minion just because wu bought it for you, doesn't mean its free for everyone dang you guys gg'd early dang you gg'd late I live in a perpetual state of gg more like rekted ^ tru kk goodnite ^^ night hi guys hi hi league anyone? i'm up for it ok k that's 2 lets try urf it's all random urf so you don't get to play tryn yeah ik dang league ppl dang Zain people lol what anyone else wanna join? doing quiz damn league for dayz anyone around? Nope. Just us A.I.s gg 5 v ai op 1 game anyone? sure brb doit LOL I am in q GG  y u ditch raza skype? reague boyz? Cornered a mouse trying to lure it into a box ROFL u cant be srs r u? wtf happened here lol Mouse been getting into the pantry how did u find out? There are signs This time I heard it so came to check it out tru my gf found hers when ithey saw paw prints in the peanut butter use a 2 by 4 works well Gotta let it relax a bit maybe it'll go into the box by itself It never fully enters the box Its  way out kids blocked tho Only a matter of time okay mouse - 1  me - 0 o rip gl game guys? if we have more ppl raza r u up susre i'm down we hav 5 then steve is up raza were justmissing u lol brt kk inv I'm down I went full gp10 afk first 20 min ^ I'm done I can't even follow if you guys are winning or losing these games ys yes anyone down to ambiguously win? On way home pass4 I sacrifice wu, I mean volunteer i mean zain dw cow no one expects u to sho show per ususal why i volunteer other peeps good guy rudy back so I take it no one showed up? gg rip u guys around aye 2 peeps woooo is Tannuo around back went to get milk to have with a cookie and got sidetracked Game? not gonna watch world? TRUUUUUU forgot Oh that's today? I forgot with all the bullshit I've  been dealing with. worlds opening ceremony? interesting what do u guys think about production value this year? two fity it wont load wtf rip wow you watching world? that was a strong gnar yeah mata so good So worth anyone still awake lol yes Gg league? dang you guys having fun simon nuking ppl (or planning to) is tannuo still alive? lool it's been a while folk zaaain is alllivve simon I am trying to learn python and algos alive, just learning Zain Is dead wow such hate typical rudy typical Zain response he's real boys some things never change thought you are done learing python you're never done learning what if you're dead? you're learning to be dead it's a whole new ball game no you can learn language real fast, you just have to learn how to put your algo new dynamics how about sleeping better physics engine mhmm that's true simon realistically you shouldn't be one trick pony in programming world yes better to learn development strategies and algos things change too fast you can't split push with tryndamere yeah when the meta is about teamfighting where the kaibas at? idk school/? on Saturday? I bet he's just on path mhm doubt it you should go check can't don't have path download path and before you say something rudy like its like a real large messenger oh damn you beat me to it to talk to tanno with it's ok wow dissappears and doesn't even talk to his friends Tony will take care of it scumbag zain wu is busy at work ya I bet he's working real hard aka getting girls numbers from the drive through busy wu is always busy oh Zain you missed me playing derp on league yesterday, pretty funny we should all just go to his house and stream worlds from there and play ping pong we did that yesterday zain missing out he has a alarm system we can't break in anymore i'm sure simon can get around that ooo simon civ? I mean if he's already spying might as well spy some league uh sure give me like 10min I might lose internet connection soon o.O whats happening upgrading router firmware to trial version well beta oh ok, take your time than clg clg clg yeup rekt ?? rekt. yup which team is the favorite for winning worlds? rox supposedly ouch ooh the throws gg wtf kennen OP holy shit man that kennen ulti OUCH holy crap it's on the front page now I see why people say smeb is the best player in the worl yeah that ult just saw g2 melt in it single handedly deleted 4 people in a second that's probably the best individual impact on a teamfight / game I've ever seen yeah c9 getting outclassed anyone for league? woah this game is still going yeah wow C9 came back wtf c9 slowly losing wtf 1 hour why didn't they just end... it's 3v5 65 min in idk come on c9, I wanna watch tsm hurry the fuck up well apparently they heard you 70 min game holy crap man I learned euler cycles in that time jeez r u all watyching? lul C9NG i tuned in at 10 min to watch c9 getting crushed then i went back to work and then i came back 50 min later for the next game and this shit show was still going skt showing how it's done yeah hey Zain hows it going?! hey tony it's going well u? nbnb you still studying? nah doing some work work its 12 Saturday XD ya i can watch lcs and do work work can't study and watch lcs LOL you going to watch tsm splice? of course :') u? yeah play hearthstone and watch prob tsm hype hypee lol rudy simon Zain raza game? sure or you guys still civ? skarner is new LOOL tsm getting rekt whut LOL that malz WOW that throw yup looks like gg this feels like our games lol throw after throw after throw did you forget to throw gg guys gg how  was ssg vs rng? good question let me know if u get an answer didn't watch? negativ k oh man these invent reactions are hilarious lol invent so savage I should watch that game again nothing much just rng midlaner sucking ass Wasn't it c9 v skt? I thought that was yesterday they got crapped on so hard yeah also c9 isn't in the group  with rng oh right it wwas FW C9 because meteos played meh all game and then got a great flash ult or something anyone down to play a real league game lol sure lol 2 ppl if thtas all il go ow back to climbing out of bronze... rip Russian teams huh? anyone for league? -_____- I'm bronze in ow wood in league only! ow? whats the difference overwatch I actually care bout my rank lul anyone want to play a game? Yes but at school doing hw rip ... hey guys some game? sup wu nm you? ow I was down for game but no one showed lul LOL playing saints row now its pretty jk s yeah I saw still waiting for when u can gift ow so I can pay u back lol thanks Hi Did you do this zain? LOL bit sloppy zzain wow so racist lol funny way to spell truthful how the heck do I know u jerkholes ? cow hav u ever finishe saints row the third? a guy can't be truthful these days nah I keep dying in one shot at full health >.> LOL scrub you bring dishonor to your family oh yeah buy those upgrades -_- I'm poor doe I think I'm getting headshot by the enemies wtf lol well i'm playing with a friend atm and what i'm doing is buying all the shit, so you get hourly income and you make bank that way gg now we can talk more smack about tony NOOOOOOOOOOO WUUUUUUUUUUUUU that's tru I gotta do that more yeah we don't even smack tony doe lol if you buy buildings you get hourly income so its pretty nice you just playing, around and than bam money like I was playing got like 3 k randomly itsl ike a intvestment to get money and than you get the bonsues to money too I'm 12% in and I hav nothing LOLOL yeah me and my friend robbed the military base pimped out a torch rip mang sounds fun lol and I stole a turret gun when we got high level we died to the tanks though but we got choppers that shoot bullets and rockets YOOO id be so down to get tanks r just too much apparently u can get the tank from that one mission but I found out too late lol lame if you get the badges high enough yo ucan get tanks I died tring to get one lol mY FRIENDS LIKE yo rudy TANKS and i'm like COMMING -bam- shit ROFL don't fall for the bait cow also u hav to snipe out the guy on tank turret to get it cant enter if u just try to charge it ahh dont' evne havra sniper yet been just dicking aroudn Robert is le scrub at saints row confirmed reague anyone? Sure Gimme 5 Minutes k back rippppppp dw u can still singed no it's worst than that...can't even log in LOL lol dat interwebs y so bad? I'm tethering...my internet @home is dead rippppppppppp tethering is like1 mb per hour lol im w wind so I don't really care lol tony's on sort of sort of? whats sort of lol he's also playing path wwtf happened to your intenert wanna play with us ? i'm good watching hockey In addition to this, we want to clarify how Vision detection items like Vision Wards interact with each other as well as with Stealthed champions. All of the details are not sorted out just yet, but 1 big change that will significantly impact Stealth champions is that Pink Wards will no longer detect Invisibility next Pre-Season. Simply put, Invisibility being trivially countered by the use of a relatively cheap single consumable item rendered several champions non-functional especially at high levels of play. plus side what eve has isn't invisibility but pink wards won't counter  akali shrouds apparently anyone for league? no one is around lol hows the internet? it's operational good lmao I just saw that CLG lost again Tannuo is the pink one but no one is around : the one day belief so first game of day 2 should have just started who's up today? who's up to what? Ah edg and intz hey whoa this group got trimmed down all the randos left? apparently including tony yeah randos yup yeah I don't know that duck. Hey Tony he's in a ranked game Do you like Closer by the Chainsmokers? playing vi Oh, hope he wins. I still owe him $120 so 4 copies of overwatch? I was thinking of buying him lots of bubblegum so he can kickass and chew bubblegum buy him kickass and bubblegum that was a movie right? from duke nukem I know but I wanted to let you know you could buy the kickass for him as well I don't think he needs me for that I bet you he's reading this on his second screen okay lol and thinking to himself omg, these guys. smh I am le tony I could see that except for the last part Tony you can do it it's easy nope just press the win button see I lose so bad my team so bad simon first game tf lvl bad haha sounds good man Have you heard the new chainsmokers songs they're on fire man nope First Closer which is like global #1 and then All We Know how can they sing with those lungs? sure I can take a look I dunno man but they're killing it their lungs? everything k wow it's actually only 3 copies of overwatch what Zain is here? done mission eh not yet always missioning just taking a break lol Never pay wu back He's used to it i never pay wu like ever it works so far so you guys got infernal Diana from riftwalk probably WE GTOT A SKIN FOR THAT? yup awesome tsm :/ also explains why tannuo didn't get one rip tsm why didn't I get one cuz you suck tannuo cause you didn't go to riftwalk? LOL flame is real welp gg tsm all hopes on h2k now I guess x) cloud 9? yo tony I was walking home some guy pulls up to me and is like Yo buddy, you wanna buy weed? i'm like nah man gg LOL ok Toronto sketch legit like 5 min ago in sauga like 250m from my house man... I was on campus standing at a bus stop and some guy thought I was a dealer. LMFAO league? norms? ahaha raza GET US SOME GOOD SHIT lol someone else host I brbs forgot my phone died lmao is tony playing solo q i think theyre making rudy play solo q? tony got flamed rip u wanna duo tony yes leggo come on skype holy crap do u guys know what gopro spherical is? so fucking cool you can rotate the camerea OP cassio is? watching worlds? i'm bad with her XD sorry was afk brb k cleaning up room Pls update skype guise and c9 vs skt nope maybe we should just switch to discord In tony's case it's because he's signed in on his phone In Tannuo's case it's because he is a potato not the skype it's him ay sup guys LETS PLAY LEAUGE no i'm tilted actually i'm tilting in progress YEE LEGGO +360 degrees rate of change believe in untilt i'm like a polarized compass right now just spinning in circle I don't know which way is north or south but the continuous RoC is causing nausea so bad i can always find out where north is 10-Oct so I guess you should sign on WE WON WTIH ME AS ZAC JUNGLE WE CAN DO THIS the logic is infallible 5min learning mergesort ezpz yeah this time wu can play zac ooh C9 I hope skt lose on purpose put salt on NA well it wouldn't be over for c9 even then right? yea tie breaker yup Zain you coming? I REFUSE TO PLAY WTIHOUT ZAIN 5-10 min WOWOWOW k ? :/ hey Zain where you at? sorry the pseudocode I was looking at had a mistake in it had to figure out where it was failing kk simon, figured out the mistake really dumb -_- nvm.. the lecture I watched and the pseudocode the guy presented had several fundamental mistakes finally fixed them it's like someone made this for tony the excel line killed me excel line? well, can't help ya there I am beginning to watch this sigh already true wait for it LMAO I love these so lit so are you guys celebrating thanksgiving or are we all n3rds just me? ok idk i'm a nerd but wrong country TRUE you give your thanks for killing natives on another day yup for us today is Columbus day which is kinda worse yes equally as bad, somewhat did the same thing yeah but instead we're celebrating the specific dude who made it all possible (and did it too!) that's true but in his defense he thought he was in india i'm kinda glad he never made it to India, though if he did he'd probably have gotten fucked so he was probably pretty confused at the time I suppose so you guys wanna play some league while I wait for food to be delivered tony and simon are on i need 1 more ranked game I like how as soon as I typed the word 'league' TONY IS TYPING we can quickly lose you one of those I recommend you wait for some better players road to bronze right guys?? My professional advice as an IT professional and my ethical advice as a mechanical engineering grad depends on the goal of the ranked game to lose defeintly to lose and provide us entertainment maybe he wants to be like those people who get to bronze 5 and then stay there despite being really good or in this case better than bronze 5 Function: To win.
Objectives: Winning within 30 minutes & at least 2/3 lanes carry would be good metrics for success but there is random function called throw Constraints: You are playing with feeders therefore the project must be placed on hold that can interrupt at anypoint LOL yes simon it is an ISR if enemy team average ELO > our team ELO
   assert throw so normals then? maybe I need to say league or something anyone want to play endless its on sale for 8 now tan and I pla y Endless legends yeeeeee its better civ u dow raza? Maybe I think it was cheaper a while ago and I didn't get it nevermind it wasnt rip Rip Idk Robert you are pretty toxic game anyone? sure WHAT DUDE ? IM THE LEAST TOXIC im lagging cant wtf tan ur still alive? sup of c u cant endless lol Ducking Robert lying to us ? Easily the most low key toxic turkey hole here Lol rudy why are you talking like that XD Ducking don't know rudy are you ok? Well ever since I formated my phone it auto corrects fuck into duck randomly That language filter And watched something funny when a little kid was like you are a turkey hole why did you use low key 0.0 Just auto corrects, fuck is fine now not ducking simon and rudy reague or regend? Dunno if lagg going shower lol cow do u still play saints row did u get to the STAG missions? Im out atm Gg so popular not lately Omw back from waterloo dropping off my bro-.- yo drop me off too yo Thought you were hanging out with Fraser peeps screw this back to endless tan wanna join me for a game im home now playing poe atm maybe later see toxic k checking lag raza join ussssssssss JOIN ROBERT ? I don't have Endless legend tho also we have 4 for league way to laggy lmao game anyone sure im down wanna play endless instead noones online well cow and tony r ranking lol so is simon lol how much is the expansion 10 but I bought already so u don't need to buy o nice besides all the expansions together even with discount is like 20 lol 30? 20 need to install it first reip well expansion comes out on the 14th welp rip lol il play endless with u raza but I don't rly want to duo leaue whoa raza has endless too? nope i was thinking about getting it i have 5 days LOL i'm not ranking lol cow right after we talk about saints row saints row 3 is on sale what a coincidence Don't make that a thing please how hard is c9 losing? down 2-0 ggggggggggg no re hi cow tannuo up for a game I'm still updating, i'd be down to watch you guys though I'm not sure if hes still aroudn YES ? updating steam k o they updated endless to allow for team victory finally omg they nerfed cultists rip fk me nerfed mages too ripppppppppp ooo simon you want to play chivalry huh what that uhh use swords and bows and kill people? sounds fun how much is it uhh oh lol just three bucks but I ow'd you one thanks did you get it? yea was like 2 bucks whats chivlary yo anyone here Sup Where'd u go lol Robert eL? Not home lol Il be back 12 or 1 ish hi hi how's it going? new patch or is it the old patch? tan r u still alive? endless? he's playing ranked ahh oh wait no norms wanna join us raza after tan's done still don't have endless hould I bother with emperor? no honestly is what I told cow too lol okay downloading ayo lets go finally still downloading did u win? yes I should have just left 5 minutes  was playing wth 500 ping entire game watching skt v rng fun times well plus side no toxiq that's so lame lol I was tempted to just leave mb stay on campus naw but then I remembered that I just cleared away my 5 games toxic queue not worf anything lol I'm literally just suprised they don tban u well I don't talk in game riot wont ban you for just leaving games raza how much longer 3 minutes ahhh I c I c wow raza ur bandwidth amazing ... ? I'm at home have shittier internet here i'd have it downloaded 20 minutes ago if I were at the place i'm renting near campus gn who erryone is offline whoa* And as a side note, Monte is actually a pretty good singer WHERE IS KAIBA gg I'm not happy that he parodied American Pie of all songs though It's a classic and a beautiful song that wasn't monte singing he just wrote the lyrics the singer is the guy who makes the lcs comics ooh yay  rox didn't go 3-0 wth is this song lol Hey Robert How's it going man Haven't heard from you in a while ikr just working as per usual lol Haha, same same whats up with u How's work coming along? Life's good, just busy as usual hehe Taking a chill day today Worked this morning, came home and crashed. Woke up like an hour or so ago wait what u work sat rip I work as necessary Oo zain back from his mission again his mission? lol Once in a while, a wild Zain appears Yeah, Simon and I are coordinating a mass NA invasion that explains everything... Shared initiative, if shit hits the fence we both blame each other and go dark #NAME? roberttttttttttttttttttttt hey Zain hows it going tonnnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyyyyy aye I still owe you $120 hows coding the bombing sequence? I feel like I should get you something like, meaningful that you don't have lol like 120 bucks Like a cologne or a really snappy pink shirt ... What types of events do you ordinarily go to Tony? work at dq events =( Well no sense in getting a sweet scent then 120 wth y do u owe 120 I already have like 50 dq shirts no ty raza u there? LOL LCS ticket + airsoft I feel like Tony should wear something that's a little bit understated buy overwatch for all his freinds just not tony because it's not really in his character to 'announce' his presence so to speak he'll enjoy it I concurr plz do HERE HERE and he also wouldn't like something niche zz Dooiit Games are such a waste of money when league is already free zz and we spend 90% of our time playing that anyways fine lol path buy his friends 120 dollars worth of skins wu is highly generous I feel like I should give tony something of some actual value I bet he'll let you treat himself too games THE GIFT OF GIVING hav perpetual value So that he can improve his life cow will never forget and tony can make friends if u get his friends ow Tony are you the type of guy to buy one cologne and wear it season long? LOL tony do I still owe u 20 yes get him clubbing gear btw cow PLEASE PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE down for some endless with Tannuo and I in 30 LOL clubbing gear It's a serious question DO IT for da thirsty GET HIM LIKE SOME FRENCH COLGONE GIRLS LOVE TAHT SHIT sure it's very dependent on a person's personality fine get him a selection cow faith just said u don't know anything duh i'm talking out of my ass,  but wu doesn't know that hahaha your gf knows well robert OOO TELL FAITH TO PICK OUT CLUBBING STUFF FOR WU Robert pretty sure as a simplified case, try to imagine someone like tannuo wearing a clubbing scent like one million, Versace eros, ultra male, etc. AND WU SHOULD TAKE TANNUO CLUBBING you owe me way more than 20 bucks XD You'd be like wtf is this Tryndamere doing from what? he'll go top lane and ditch wu I like hardly go out with u guys I think for Tony he should go for something simple like L'homme, Invictus, Bleu De Chanel or Sauvage Tannuo clubbing? is the world ending sauvage sounds like savage sounds good Those are general 'smell good' scents which are generally hated by the actual ppl who like fragrances because they're very generic but for normal people, they're amazing ax e plz just just axe rip you're not in a hs gym locker room robert from like highschool .. they make cologne... and it smells ok... :/ the white label stuff Haven't had a chance to smell it yet problem with a normal/cheap cologne is that it's not very complex and projects for about 30min - 1 hour and then it's gone without really developing on the skin how the hell do u know about all this and like when would wu ever use it lol at work? best scented employee at dq? Haha, because Robert, I am a grown up LOL r u married too and u never told me with like a 3year old son? and work for a couple of years Like don't limit your thinking Robert to specific instances of things When would Wu use it? Every day, whenever he goes out. Why? Because you should be presentable. i still think you should get him a clubbing outfit ^ He's too picky about that Rudy nah he's to used to other people buying him stuff plus buying clothes for someone else is really hard he's only picky if he's choosing Like I could just give him $120 but then he wouldn't use it productively But oh well if he just wants cash I can just give that to him xD OOO BUY HIM A WATCH A FIT BIT omg not a fit bit jeez PLEASE why not So tacky.. fine just buy him a watch than It's up to him WAIT he has a coice? hes just going pick cash Well haha I guess that's his decision to make nah he can pick everything but cash ^ wait then y r we having this conversation Zain is just tony's atm until further notice lol so I just died You don't sound very dead fk this shit path of shit Ah, okay. LOL just paly something else and c Zain that tony response right there that one Yeah. is the one that tells me he will NOT be using LOL LMFAO fancy cologne ahaha or fancy watches LOL rekt or fancy whatever the hell why not both I'm srs sohalf assed fancy so u guys wanna play something sure path defintly path ZZZ I hate you Civ down I'm so down ok Robert, u wanna play league? I'm going endless with Tannuo... o w8t he ditched LOL LOL are we actually playing civ No I was just trolling zain what why not Oh I mean queue up as in go go? did someone say csgo oh no not that again literal cancer? literal. fun tho just too rusty to do anything LOL goes 39 -12 too rusty GG rip I think their just leaguing yo cow wanna join us or r u leaguging dunno whats happening heard civ so what are we doing league? hey endless legend is on sale that's why rudy got it get it tony is it worth? yep lol league? this game is awesome but too addicting that cancer tony league? sleep this game seems so complicated more so than civ4 5 lol you like it? So want to civ what happened to endless But civ There's no religion gg lol rip What's religion lol does this mean cow dosnt like endlesss tan u there el? sure anyone else lol everyone diparino? also tan me warren starting new cahrs you down? poe again lol come on pls no ROFL hi guys raza wanna join or cow cool h2k winning too bad about anx raza endless? sure rip y u no poe tony support Sup Boyz Y do u still play poe? Is it still fun the 5th playthrough? New patch league anyone? rerolled skins got Viking trynd :/ yeah theres still a lot of poe I haven't gotten to yet like super late game content I just need a build tho get the build then easy 10/10 advice rudy wow Hudson on league got my new keyboard and mouse and because I can't reprogram my keyboard's function keys to turn off my screen I made a dedicated league button instead it's FN+F4 not to be confused with Alt+F4, another common league combination uhh simon do these guys know about Hudson? sort of so basically same as we do what happened? simon will fill you in on one of your secret group chats where you trash talk tannuo's tryndamere skillz that's right, just exposed you #snowden what we shit talk Zain way more nope me too tired holy shit they're doing EVERYTHING wow sandbox mode league so toxic and yay can't test homework because now the serial port wont show up sheit this season is pretty ambitious not playing adc ^ ROFL ikr Adc = everyone's sandbag including suppory Adc=2015 china? anoyone down for league? In 25 minutes I need some more tilt today Shorted my robot's power supply And I didn't have a spare And I don't know if it took anything else out with it I can still smell it burning so what happened to Hudson? did jays win? rip 3 0 wow yellowstar retiring o.o why is the reddit thumbnail for yellowstar retiring not yellowstar? close enough tm gg does that buff gp10 jungle lol I see why you linked that I think it's a relative buff since most ppl doest run gp5 but I think it's a nerf in general so now gp10 is mandatory gg Esp to junglers that need more than 2 items to do something (Ex shiv) err why do they change the jg every season =( ya ikr just leave it in s2 form where camps spawn every min and do no damage yeah gp10 for all junglers I guess they are favoring gank heavy jg since camps never spawn anymore =[ tannuo time to play some meta jg like lee/ rek na I will find a way to make gp10 no gank junglers work nunu counter jg boots first and run aound in enemy jg a lot? cant u just gp20 lee lol LOL gp20 TILTED why not gp 30 lee AUTO TILTED tax all the lanes 100% TILTED beat the doom bots yet? and wu go win a game in hearthstone please tax every wave: gp 30 lee coming to a tilt game near you yo I have that quest too well tannuo go win a game in hearthstone please so game of doom bots? I'm down k nayone else At work 2 hours k I'm omw home Omg I always dc at 19 sec Maybe after ur game restart the whole call hello? Hello. hey from the other side I must have called a thousand times its only funny when the first person references it... when we were younger and free Hi Hello from the other side To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home How's it going? Anyone still playing league? I will be watching a 6 min short... shortly. Too* el anyone? Nah turns too  long games don't finish blame Tannuo for fighting all the time lol besides turns same length as civ Oh so it's as bad as Civ gotcha sleeper games u don't like civ either? what a monster ya if I wanted to read a text book I would go read a text book a spreadsheet* if you wanted to edit a spreadsheet i'm really good at that excel pro exactly which is y I dotn understand y u no like civ LOL cuz I like doing things which are meaningful I use excel to improve efficiency not waste more time LOL so what are you guys up to 3 of them r leaguging lol Id be down to el w/raza but I thnk hes hating oh league you say I could play some league im trying to fix my keybindings because Logitech's mouse and keyboard customization thingy is a piece of shit too tired to be productive tonight they hav 5 lol if u two r down Doesn't matter il play op gg E A Sports it's in the game Hate league update My computer becomes unusable during update my game just refuses to update it bugspluts E A Sports so guys did u ry new bot mode yet I realized I messed up, tried to fix it but skype made it a new message N K Sports, it's in the main they're updating holy shieeeeeeeeeeeet it'z al1ve simon u around? wanna play he can't patch he's in NK tru tru I actually never knew that north karolina they have shitty internet Busy atm working lol thanks so wu doom bots? leggo thought you were at work lol was working @home gg think theres like 1 more spot with the people still playing I sleep night gg toxic queue night already back anyone gonna get civ 6 rn? or already got it I don't and won't =D no expensive no money no jerb anyone for a game right now? sure which But dq idk dw raza I'm not asking u lol tony u has jerb the best jerb to be the dairy queen not pait jerb 46 seconds for kr v kr who will win?! not even watching lol wooo 3 skt skins? okay that game was great ashe OP league anyone? I was on reague rip game broken atm stole 4 drakes still lost dude you missed th ebest trollest games ever yest. we just fed to win and then lose best games 0 ;D you have to go in expecting to lose wanna play some fun relaxing game? you mean cancer? Csgo sure i cant get more cancer than my ranked game icant even get on to leagu ? dunno won't connect to chat hi hi anyone here? writing an email welp game 5 yeah I thought so games 2 and 3 were really good how was game 4? are we gonna play 1 ? I'm watching Kpop music videos Rn Kill me no you must suffer have u heard Good Luck AoA Frickin gfriend Giving me cancer I wish I could send a video Rn ? Go watch Russian roulette red velvet well call died? imma go sleep nite hi guys wazza 10 minutes to second semis damn sup? it's nightmare-ish outside right now forecast says 8 degrees I call bullshit I've been in -10 days that have felt better than this zain you never go out and you wear sweaters for four seasons so any change of temperature is more pronounced for you Wow Rudy, that is actually the most intelligible and well articulated statement I've ever heard from you-- bravo! I mean you could have eliminated a couple of the fors and yous but hey, it's a start Zain, you never go out and wear sweaters for four seasons. Any change in temperature is pronounced for you. However now that I come to think of it that is wrong I am not impacted by the heat It's only the cold I take back what I said NOPE can't take it back too late I win fuck you all That is not the most intelligible thing I've heard from you You, sir, are a cow. tyty prolly with the standing ovation bows I think he was talking about the stream works both ways H2K getting smashed yup needlessly large rod olaf hey tannuo is alive how's it hanging ayy tannuo u wanna play in a bit need some kill pressure bot lane with a real man support yeah sure instead of these pussies that want to 'win' the game let's wait for simon to get done meanwhile I get some water let me know when ya'll around I'm here rekted just got baq and you're in game let me know when you're done I guess I came back way too late hi hi hi nye cya bye aye nye bill nye the science guy . huh huh wa dah hu ha what is it good for? abs0lutely nothing sing it again ya'll LOL league anyone? donno what everyone is doing I am down question mark. ?. ? ? k ? k. rudy join us? eating/packing/looking at laundry come on just join us nope didn't get there in 2 min #excluded tannuo u wanna play agame ?? ya brb lemme restart comp no skype is hard if you still wanna play I can move away you did rudy Hi guys hi What's up? nm just losing on league of regends el raza? le Robert? ? ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION ??? that sounds pretty lit what sounds pretty lit? Zain civ? ohh Zain civ hype leggo civ? wat is civ civ. does its meaning rhyme with dancer? or haste? tiny dancer? bakuchi dancer worst kind ima play a game or two anyone interested? of civ? damn sure didn't know you had the time if not, then I shall go read a book gimme 5 minutes tho what book The Signal and The Noise noisy in here by Nate Silver why isn't he gold Trained in NA so diamond level? mhm rudy are you gonna come? tony level/ idk noones on civ i'm kinda confused rip the civ lel u should join us cow fity fity 2 mins time me you have about 1.2 minutes left 1 mississippi kk 2 mississippi I lied You're outta time 3 mississippi #rekt 4 mississippi k holy shit i'm not the call host hax yo can someone go on my acc faggot ass people living in my house cant get off the internet wow the technology skype now just passes host around skype, the all knowing, allseeing why you do this zain why becuz u a cow waddap nm not much I wrote gamerino but never senti t so its too late now rookie mistake Always late missed the 2 minitues send timing had to commit it's always too late that's why you start packing so early amiright? Well im too late for the bus zz so simon do u take the next bus? if so, you're not late... you're just very early Maybe Still drinking @work Some things never change LOL 2 beers gg whens the next bus? Add bottle of wine 9:45 ooo good win wine ouch, that kind of sucks sup nm you? you nm sup run tomorrow morning right you are running nice LOL away from all the things I have to do ye trying to relearn basic circuits, I don't understand anything know your pain I've been looking at proofs for series and sequences anyone game w Hudson? sure why is simon in coop I donno hes always in cocop rudy/raza?? hi game? internet buggy logging in too late 2 min we have 5 ppl rudy fi you want enmtertainment you wanna watch like really badly how come rudy doesn't carry us anymore we had the best win streak with rudy anyone want to play something not lagging for once you mean for now? nope I'm at school LOL sure I will play with you tannuo hi damn you ruined it I see tannuo ditched you na I'm still here I was wondering how long it would take him to realize if you want to league queue up now I have toxic on both lmao ...how? HOW cause he's not lagging YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERFUCKER i started a game, went in with 1k ping so i left suddenly i'm motivated to not play with you custom games- they're in the game why don't we put you in a pod and launch  you into space with some pretty hype music instead sure as long as i can live in ignorance forever i'd be down btw I learned that porter robinson guy seems like he's a weeb he also calls it ani-mei btw anyone who hasn't watched the video Zain just linked yeah the animation and music is really amazing I actually really like the instrumental of that song especially on piano anyways u want to play or wut/ sure start the queue i'll join next game happy to have you simon yo so I played a game with Hudson yest. and he was support and he was like, not taking all the cs and i'm like yo wtf no who cancelled toxic queue brb 5 min why would you do that when you have to wait 20 minutes anyways it's half the fun ^ and for this reason I don't play toxic queue too toxic for me I think tannuo should make a third smurf One that in which he's only allowed to play at school or with a stable internet connection you should get it yo tony can I use ur acc or anyone pls help a toxic brother out you know what's a game we should play Titanfall 2 We could be heroes. Isn't that for console nope EA Sports -They're shitty games Fifa 2076 - New Features
Updated physics engine for the most realistic gameplay yet
Updated rosters for your favourite teams
Superstar Career X Ultra - step into the shoes of the legends and relive their greatest moments
Enhanced customization of jersey colors and cleats people would buy it They do These features are on every fifa game box LOL yup Well u buy fifa for roster change basically Nothing else of value in there They update the roster via patches since 2007 It keeps them up to date LOL rly so legit no reason to buy oh ye that reminds me gotta get tony some shieet that cologne doe or a tie ties r nice What if I made him a custom I AM SKUM tie btw Zain I think they should make another infinite u can do so much with the setting That ending was perfect I'd rather they not fuck it up Have you watched some youtube videos on the easter eggs they tease it throughout the entire game I found a few more this playthorough I'm in the order of the raven house love the coin flip reference at the beginning yeah And all the times they show up again and are seemingly saying random stuff man everyone should play this game agreed it's great I have it played it for bout 2 hours have not finished it WHAT dude finish it!!!!! rekt Tony is getting rekt right now, and he doesn't even know it. oh man this guy is epic 20 seconds forward is epic any1 wannaleagu maybe rudyyy I promise if you come on league right now you'll find out something funny Covering someone's shift at work sounds like a trap noones plaing it seems like Zain and cow adventure needs one more to suffer I mean pay with us reague? yes brbs just rebooting steve is joining too out of toxic queue boys gratz OH YEAH THAT WAS THE TRAP lol Robert its k you don't have to get 7d2d its just a good game that's on sale you can just get me ow league? gotta pack per usual watching world final while packing, multitasking I see yeup series? skt 1 Samsung 0 league? nah legends endless? ending legend? legend finals FUCK YOU SIMON lol ??? **** this pos NK spy he did the worst thing a human being on this planet cud do ? faker showing how to use ryze ulti but #tannuo said don't even take a point tannuo isn't pro I wasn't watching, was it lv1 or lv2 ryze lult 1 & 2 gank ppl as if no tom There's Tannuo that doesn't take ult wow skt is ahead yeah they were getting stomped until 5 min skumbag jg taking all of ssg kills dat baron sneak Rip ssg yeah lucy you should buy 7 days to die Ugh Lol #detective lol that's a nope game then? internet's being dumb gg skt welp we guessed that 3 time world champions least it wasn't 3 0 faker smiled wtf SSKT SKTTTTTTT man 3 skins wow so little value from winning worlds skt should play tryndamere lol free skin worth is faker the only one on team with 3 times at worlds no bengi LOL s olittle value u mean like 2 min per 6 ppl the commentators bashing the medal distrbution lol was that poohmandu the third last guy receiving medal ROFLROFLROFL at the end faker answering the questions no traslation ggggg really you all bought 7d2d gg right el? ya fk these guys we play the good games ROFL well I woudlnt say that but we hav fun that's for sure specially when we learn to win... lol salty? ya'll play bad games play titanfall 2 be a hero I take it that's the tagline ;)nope ask harrison he will tell you done any1 for league in 25ish min sure Sure jinx studying =/ tru better question, 7 days to die? or still studying still studying T.T ouch he's actually studying :\ what is this life ;/ it's the tony-ah so guyz wanna play 1 criickets packing ^ I c . raza/simon/cow? actually going be brb for like half a hour game anyone? Maybe in 20 minutes I take it no one else came? reap ikr who r these jerks reip Zain is playing tony raza u down ? naw sleep work tmro ggmetoo then pce ? i went to boil water and eat Halloween candy What are these lies FUUUUUUUUUUU Harrison's skype's been compromised Call Zin is playing? naw but I am playing ranked on youyr acc but Zain should be playing lol hes at work last few days of climbing? falling down the ladder I mean getting carried ^ yeah climbing down the ladder while being carried shuuu reague boyz? ranked with wu you mean dude my whole facebook feed is spam photos of zain wtf It was his birthday so makes sense I guess ?? remember when we used to like every Zain post and picture on his acc LOL those time times LOL sounds like we should do it again LOL but we need Zain in the call so he's aware LOL reague anyone? maybe in a bit sleep work tmro please wu lol rank you need that plat border moer important than work rudy should rank too nah i'm hopeless please :/ so everyone dip rip woah simon you work hella late and your welcome Robert for brightening up your fb wall sorry you're welcome cow Yeah just got on the bus to home I forgot Robert doesn't have fb how come you work so late? are you not like working 12 hours a day hope they are paying you overtime lol Lots of work + client delay damn simon the hard worker 1 Well count towards my annual bonus so I'm ok w that nice How's studying programming? not too bad with work, masters apps and burnout, it's been slower than I hoped Sigh I have been doing dev work last two days haha that sounds pretty fun 10/10 did not signed up for this But scumbag client gave us tools that doesn't work so your client is tony, I see. as tannuo would say, unlucky. Yeah...and it's amazon.. I would think they would maintain tools pretty well I've been told on the contrary Their tools tend to be simplistic and pretty barebones Not sure why, but that's what ppl tell me Though Amazon Cloud is coming to Canada soon people are pretty hype about that Well im talking about aws yeah their web services right now people in medical / Healthcare can't really host their data and apps anywhere because it's considered export control by the government (i.e data cannot leave Canada) I think they will be hosting servers in Montreal in 2017 Yeah I remember dealing that from security perspective Literally govt give you soo many red tapes and restrictiond yeah medical data has so many restrictions The few times I've had to deal with it have been hell Legit people sitting on 40 min call Yeah I don't think I'll ever wanna do business w govt So you're saying this data cannot leave Canada..? But our server is in the US for 4 months every week, same call about same thing One of our client is hooop they restrict us so much from pentesting zz Oh yea you can't do that...that too that as well.. haha Like.. thanks! All we gotta do is write didn't test it cuz you told me not to gg North America == Not Applicable coincidence? I think not. uh huh game of leagurino? sure What rudy? so that's a no ... I'm not even home... gg... ZAIN? I can play in about an hour or at 10 ones less than a hour ones more ... gg soon brb foods welp what a flop :/ I tried i failed i'ma go nap Rip aw I came back specifically to play league with u cow nope too late >: ( 2 minutes, Zain! gave you 5 miniutes ah well guess you missed it I will go back down I'll be home in 15min but simon we can't play because 2-5 min have passed. the next deadline is 10 is what Zain said ^ lol well I'm home nice so missed the deadline by few seconds? idk rudy said 10 at 42 it's now 51 welllll brb gotta check my work email gg so missed dealine now gratz tell them to git gud git clone oooooooh what's happening so lost nothing is happenin oh ok git commit -m nkspy.txt they're on to me whoa tannuo is playing the yung TRDYNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER git add tryndamere wow LOL he's not carrying 100% gg sad life git commit -m toxic tryndamere ahaha git push origin nerd talk git rm tryndamere git commit -m gg did not carry git push origin holy shit simon's playing holy shit Rudy's spectating yeah simon's playing teemo tannuo's play trynd gg teeet0 oh u guys already got 5 ya'll don't even need me ez how? raza rudy simon tryndamere hudson boom mInd = blown I see LOLLLLLLL tannuo just died from tanking a minon wave at 40 minutes? report as tryndamere? there were 3 super minions ah if we playing I'm on tonys acc LOL y? low priority queue again loool HOW? what do you mean how I left a game again? yes get on then I am on tonys acc tannuo stop leaving games. or go on tony's account to leave games time to change my pass ZZ what free ip wu please it's true plus he is raising your kda like a shit ton yeah he'll help you get to plat through mid noct. one trick nocturne mid ........ hey you guys wanna hang out this weekend play board games? also WTF tannuo lost me 3 ranked in a row 2 were leaves LMFAO real? you sure you didn't play those? O.o I didn't know he was playing ranked on your account that's pretty skum are you sure that's not lucy? though then again... 2 leaves... 2 games of trynd 1 of nocturne tryndamere 2 leaves LMFAO and noc LMAO wtf LOL do you have leave buster legit trying to get you into toxic queue LOL I wonder Lol btw tony you should learn to play zac from simon. oh and also how was your interview? yeah probably zain to be honest he denied it too much ?? no idea what rudy just said, but respond to my comments so board games this weekend? guyze? also interview good I guess oh yeah simon's zac is pretty good LOL PLS it's true i remember his zac was as good as his first game tf yeah I dunno man landed every E I was like wtf zac actually does damage/ LOL did he build dmg? oh that's him landing his primary dmg ability LMFAO makes sense LOLLLLLLLLLl shots fired i'm watching dr. strange on Saturday with uni friends and sanjay and sure wu you guys are welcome to join WOW downtown 9pm WOW i blow flash half the time and land 1/4th fo time i am ok with that we are hanging out earlier in the day so late reapp come guys it'll be fun but yeah Zain its ok if you rly don't like my zac i stop playing it with you guys time to main zac we don't ever need a tank anyways right no keep playing it WOW noty DAMN naww it's like Rudy's j4 WE SAID WE DINDT LKE YOUR EVE YOU KEPT PLAYING IT >: ( i ll only play squishy jg now Or your nid it adds a new dimension to league yeah nid a new mini game i only play nid oh god ok OHH or even better I can't play leauge anymore sorry guys i ll just play like shyv jg all game never gank man rudy ks master learn from tannuo somehow stole every kill on janna LOL with an auto or w dude ez flashed I swear this guy just sits there and waits for ppl to get low after e'd and I got the kill COME ON Scared away their riven made mid flash ^ best ganks yeah legit a riven came to gank us and then peace'd out as rudy walked towards her instead of MURDERING him, she ran.. wtf next level janna Psycopath Janna saw it in my eyes crazy eyes Harley Quinn Janna: Gains buff for allied Shacos oh Zain do anything fun for your birthday? What does that even mean? My dad is in town thank god no toxic q LOL just hanging with the famz check out my WhatsApp picture it's pro LOL too much effort kk Huh I brbs Huh, ha, he, ha, haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa You have crated a time paradox. Somehow I don't have Zain on whatsapp but cow and Harrison show up whao I see how it is LOLLLLLLLLLL rekted wait how de heck do you have Harrison and rudy I think it got their phone numbers through skype oh true oh then the rudy you are talking to is probably not rudy.. XD at least anymore so zain what is it Well I don't talk to that Rudy so is all good i messaged rudy once and the guy replied who the fuck is this? LOL and i'm like yo rudy get your shit together man we're outside proud of you zain and he's like this is not rudy. and i'm like gg this is a fictionalized version of that conversation nah you were like i'm batman This is the greatest and best song in the world... tribute ^Next level wordplay Where's the trigger? All of a sudden, there shined a shiny demon. <-- God tier lyrics Wow 173 msg And the peculiar thing is this my friends the song we sang on that fateful night didn't actually sound anything like this song. all started with wu Sounds like a movie title It all started with Wu. guys need song recommendations for morning drive criteria: must be high energy and good sound quality (well recorded) done eye of tiger no good Ramble on? guys i don't wanna die on the road Don't stop till you get enough Those are all great songs but not high energy enough Cow you need to go more alternative what I want you to die on the road though alright i got some elo booster on my acc hopefully she dosnt pull tannuo gg tony i'ma report you for account sharing lol bro the amout tannuo played on my acc i bet i already hve like 30 reports It's okay in Tannuo's case actually 27 reports yeah he basically hacked your account don't worry we all helped too by reporting  Tony is a boosted animal? yeah but in Lucy's case, you are encouraging it Should give simon your account to boost too double the boosting times like make a schedule lucy bosot from this time peroid than simon boost after than Zain boosts with tannuo Maximum boostficiency good idea to put tannuo in the end that way the account will be banned after all the work has gone into it save the toxic queues for the people that deserve it (lucy and simon) LOL tannuo would never be that toxic to get into toxic queue Challenge accepted? whos going to tonies? everyone even raza yo guys want to go shopping also when r u going to tonies? lunch? What wat I'm srs if u guys will go shopping faith will actually show up lol as per tonies suggestion to hav her guest apperance busy this weekend but i can do something next weekend unless you guys wanna watch dr.strange w/ my buddies and sanjay so what ya'll up to Omw to union station :/  this simon hardest worker NA Well went to work at noon still 9 hour shift applause for our hero NK Agent #69 Well I took both lunch and dinner break Prob would get paid so much more if  in get paid per hour hahaha yeah but no benefits i get paid by hour it's pretty good Well isn't your job more like contract? ironically my job is less like contract but i'm on a contract XD because it doesn't matter how many hours i work that is completely irrelevant to my job I could work for 5 min, 5 hours, or 50 hours doesn't matter as long as the projects keep moving What's important is being productive That's pretty  nice..sounds like my coop job when I filled my time sheet 40hr although I worked 30hr cuz I finished my stuff yeah except there's no finish line it's just constant stream of work No its like there is more stuff  todo But I refused to LOL this guy Called working smart Free $$ True, gotta prioritize but I never idle around doing nothing unless excel is crashing on me Most important part is pretending to work LMAO wtf man xD why would you even pretend to work there's no value in that, you're wasting your own time $$ is irrelevant at this stage in your life Uh I was coding malware for personal project That's fine learning is part of growing makes you better at your job problem solving Looks like I'm doing company work but in reality I'm doing something irrelevant As long as you're not literally slacking if you're doing something that adds value to yourself that's good The more valuable you are to yourself, the more valuable you are to an organization    Well I sometimes go play football ping-pong and pool as well important meeting that's fine, everyone needs break i spend a lot of time talking to people networking is also important Making a fun work environment Not for b1 hr bafter lunch building relationships man non-social people are the first ones to get cut even if you're good at your job, if no one is willing to vouch for you, you're out Sounds like a scumbag work place politic that's life man think about League if you're good at the game but you're a dick people won't like playing with you even if they're winning But we play w tannuo And toby yeah but tannuo isn't toxic when he plays with us he's toxic to others if he rage quit 3/5 games with us Toni* we probably wouldn't play with him be like fuck this rage quitting tryndamere Like imagine the two scenarios On one hand you have our tannuo who does stupid shit, but makes funny comments about doing stupid shit so we're okay with it if he had no voice after a while we would get sick of him doing stupid shit  Tannuo is the least talkative one in this b group no? me ^ he's pretty talkative in chat like voice chat he's like YO DIVE THIS BITCH nvm I don't have ulti WHAT I PRESSED R WTFFFF RIOT PLEASE. Unlucky. or time to toxic queue on wu's account XD XD Tannuo's rage == Tryndamere's rage So lasts 5s? yep increases as game time goes on gains more fury at level 6 11 16 haven't even seen his final form? hehe brbs don't forget more cdr = faster rage 40% cdr 40% more rage max cdr max money per 5 sec 40% more robert rip Zz wind pls losing Internet constantly wind is shit getting data is like 25% Tony has a higher probability of landing a zac e than a wind user has of his data working Yeah can't wait to get new phone from work we should do the calcultion Gg watch a replay and do the math can confirm data on wind or lack of rip I feel like they throttle after 500mb i feel like they throttle period wtf 400 messages o sorry tony I got cheesed on your acc so I just left lol ROFLROFLROFL like everyone dont trust tannuo with money with ur acct with kids with your drinks at a bar details please 1 game of league before sleep? anyone down/around? no one? geegee reip literally its a bit late for that tbh :/ was watching over the top anime movie wowww everyone's away? T.T crapstone do you guys call it that too I started that at my uni arguably not as great as Harrison's name for it Wanna guess? hi guise we called it crapstone what did you call it? I always called it crapstone Harrison called it Hatrock wtf why before the semester started he posted a picture of a rock with a hat on and everyone was like wtf after a couple of months we're all like LOL gg capstone Cap Stone Hat Rock hoodie boulder tannuo my hero let's kill them with kindness na I kill them with toxicity LOL I see tony online yet I know it's tannuo it's not me it is you tannuo it is or it is lucy who knows but it's you u wanna play ? in a bity bit tanuuuoo I saw u hi tannuo u playing? in half an hour Zain you are busy tomorrow to go shopping, but wu isn't, but he doesn't believe that shopping is a thing, can you explain to him what shopping is on facebook so he'll see the message and not say TLDR Uhh so U guys all want to go downtown? ye rudy or robert come league we need 1 I play Roberta Rudy Come need 1 sorry can't I'm at friends Later on So u guys hanging out with Zain friend? yeah Sweet so what are the plans you guys meet up with tony-ah then come downtown easy Lol scumbag changed his mind Wants to stay here cuz dt is too far tony? I don't rly wnana go downtown either tbh lol costs way too much and I go too often lol Don't you use presto Robert? Rip zain lol riiip Byeeeeeeeee I think rudy is still sleeping haha ya I already expected tony to pull out LOL I never thought he was srs going dt he actually dosnt make money and its not cheap well historically he has failed coming downtown thrice now expecting otherwise would be silly XD even rudy has a higher success rate than him even though rudy has never been to little india .....sigh actually technically tony made it downtown once for LCS finals Which was pretty bad but he was supposed to come earlier and get robster rolls That never happened and he failed Lol so technically i'll give him a 50% for that one Skype me I'll be there that way Me too Feel the love Zain What r y going for anyways? Some event or just hanging out 1 also sauga sucks You mean comming up TRUE Since it's south of us aite, peace guys and have fun Laterz Omw tan  in around 10 mins if that's ok Want anything from timmies fuck oozed off and just read this and i actually wanted something dozed off * What do you want LOL dozed off again gg o wtf u actually read this thought u already left get me a double double if u still reading this man now I want coffee and a doughnut :/ ya we Canadians have the benefit of tim hortons starbucks LUL though I like how there's a picture of timbits in the Wikipedia page for doughnuts Comeout Tannuo supposedly there's places in the states where tim hortons has opened up stores hey guys, feeling lonely any ideas on what to do to meet a guy? Kijji lol this lol lungs Gg U will never drink again nah drink again sup guys nm did anyone wanna do somethin gggggggg oh btw guys, in case you didn't see it yesterday RIP Dr. Strange was fucking amazing HEY ZAIN like 12/10 good nice alright time to watch it watch 3d Time to torrent visuals are stttttttttttunning most badass fight scenes I've seen in a while world is literally warping around them stunning hypeee good guy marvel clearing the bad taste dc leaves LOL and making billions of dollars so still down for some gaming yeah man always with you robert always. raza? 2 min rule tru if he's not here 2 min from your raza? you ditch. lol tru isn't that rite rudy was voting am voting* rekt Roberta call voting for what lol President of the US oooooooo did u vote for trump nah he don't like brown people tho he supposedly loves the Hindus u back raza? LOL Ha vote for not trump do et pls vote for jill stein vote for trump? sounds legit I see Zain supports trump you should too Ha whats up zain get that watch for wu yet this is up cow ^Chainsmokers be killin it i don't love it its ok but like you need to blast it robert yeah robert YOU HAVE TO JAM TO IT if you listen to electronic music on low volume / medium quality speakers it will sound like garbage yeah like when wu talks ^ ^ this man knows what's up zain long time no troll ayee dude look at this shit this is their FIRST EP wtf half of these songs have been in the top 10 Though they suck live so I guess that balances it out But still, what a magnificent first showing LOL auto tune op ya the dude in the band can't sing and he sings half of Closer and he harmonizes on All We Know he does what I do mumble if you don't know the lyrics and sing the chours  ^ he sounds like a guy doing cheap karaoke LOL I can sing things monotone just as well woooooooo ^ we should start our own band The girl can sing tho thee guy so you need a girl who can sing should never sing LOL ever find one of wu's girls we'll rotate ^ ezzz but he has so many how will they ever get fair singing time yeah just let the girl sing holy crap LOL ssuch a difference can't tell if I think the girl is so much better because the guy sucked so much though please wu will take care of the ladies we just focus on the music ^ so yeah I went to timmies today, they ran out of the coffee I wanted, like wtf, I was so dissapointed you should be like YOU A COFFEE SHOP YOU HAD ONE JOB i like this song talks about tea ^ LMAO that voice did not expect RIGHT can you imagine tannuo with that voice he sounds like a true smoker that can sing LOL HOLY SHIT YOU NEED TO CHANGE HIS VOICE NOW UNLUCKY. D oit part at 2:33 is pretty cool can him a voice changer She has a really nice voice too I don't like all of her covers, but this one sounds really good to me oh shit this song hey if you ever get a chance google some rhcp demos some of them don't have lyrics so he's just making shit up as he goes LOL isn't that just rchp in a nutshell LOL If you thought the lyrics couldn't get more random remember this song?  firkin tannuo LOL never playin g with u again robert firkin dc is still tilted LOLLLLLLLLLLL LOLOL don't worry the tryndamere will rise LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL and yes I remember this song rudy Killers are pretty good trust you got the full tannuo experince Are they human, or are they dancer? or on drugs? hahaha have you seen Darshan/ZionSpartan's cover of Say You Won't Go? It's actually really really good no yo tannou should do song covers yeah 10/10 would watch and share He can already rap lose yourself see i found his carreer OH YEAH LOVE THIS SONG Tannuo in toxic q? tannuo is the embodiment of toxic q no but he will be firkin guy lol LOL yeah he's like a reason not to rank ^ which account this time Robert? HOLY SHIT THIS SONG last dance for mary jane ye anyways got to go out >.< peace WHAT ZAIN WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE can i join tm ^  Someone got life next time cow next time. peace guys and remember LOL TRYNDAMEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE rekted on That means never rudy such a high level thanks simon, so supportive Np I'm such a good friend im sorry robert my internet actually disconnected rip npnp I'm not THAT mad lol surprised u went for ranked doe LOL Robert forever tilted were you at school? g firkin g ? Hiiiiii Rip Raza Going to get deported soon woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo go away zain you need to go out I am out Bitch. FUCK YOU i need new friends I can be your friend ....nope Fine good FINE >: ) fynw hi Trump is howlin for you mhm De da de da da wait did trump get what voted in he's winning lmfao ROFL Not yet but he's winning IM SCARED LETS BUILD THE WALL BEFORE HIM AND MAKE HIM PAY FOR IT He's winning Florida anyone for league? Which is a key state Raza how can you league when you might be deported in 4h start packing come here raza You are part of the demographic he doesn't like start running like for ur fking live can't get deported The ones that are brown can voluntarily leave with a gun behind your back also he won't get sworn in for a while even if he does win It's trump he's unpredictable Your life is a danger He's like the Joker in a more expensive suit i suppose maybe he won't come near if i put a teleprompter outside the door Kk I'm going to be heading home soon Good night guys I r tired and will crash :/ Peace night night zain soo when are you moving to Canada raza had a funny dream more like a nightmare something something trump got elected Gonna compete uni first than I woke up the dow went to it's all time lowest last night and then hit its all time highest today night they thought about it over night and went whats the worst that can happen Well his post should be somewhat limited by the Senate and house since he and the party don't see eye to eye on everything Power So he shouldn't be able to go too crazy man that just sounds like a challenge accepted Hehe you laugh now... hide yo kids hide yo tony nah sacrifice tony for the greater good Lol never sacrifice toni he'll tax your lane TRUE Pls toni is #1 on my list sacrifice Zain than tony so cow/simon how are you guys thought you were busy feeding want to play 7 days? WAIT LETS LEAUGE AND YOU PLAY ADC naw I ain't falling for that trap again yeeeee LEGGO in the ASSASSIN UPDATE ASSASSIN ...ASS-ASS-IN EXACTLy you mean leagu of assassin? WE MUST HAVE A SARCRFICE I vote raza he's going to get deported annyways his day can't get any shittier adc is like innocent, helpless civilian nah citizen and  20th november plus I am going out for dinz soon we play on fridayyay lets not get aheasd of ourselves lol see you soon raza lol always ditching please we closing our border raza immigrate to Canada XD Zain master ditcher by marrying Zain ^ Nah marry tony I don't do dating/marrying but tony has an aptitude for it his parents are getting desperate... he has a proven record with several members of the fairer sex he won't leave you loney raza lmao ^good guy tony practice mode where? oh you want a test run? no I'm on league he can probably fit you in his busy schedule with his ladies I was promised a practice mode this preseason not that I'm gonna use it but I want that option! see ya alter boyz nope league zain reague? rudy and simon are in a bot game and Zain is mia gg was so down to try new lb and talon yeah pretty much oh wait masteries changed woops new jungle is weird counterjungling is so good now cause no small mobs with buffs? time to start playing nunu because camps take 2.5 minutes to spawn ah wow I remember if you gank before clearing your jungle you better make damn sure it's worth or the opposing jungler gets ahead by stealing your camps ivern op now? reague anyone? naw making food in a bit LOl I GOT THE 5 PACKS FROM HEARTHSTONE BY PICKING THE GUY WITH THE FUNNY NAME who? fking season 1 all over again the person I chose got cheesed by rng ZZ no clue league soon? sure oohhh orr orrrr civ HYPE leggo really? id love to but new champ reworks too tempting guess not alright lol reap civ dream reappppppppp we tried tm ohh we can 7 days to procrasnate we tried so hard tried DONT SEE YOU HELPING MR POPE lol LEGGO? see tried again failed civ? it flopped tannuo just let it go leag? sure Time to Feed Tannou, Stop spelling it wrong! LOL Don't be such a scrub Tannou Tanno has feelings too says the guy that butchers his name the most LOL, lets keep it Tannou has feelings too I was joking lol cheil i'm dissapointed soo no civ? =/ so civ rip this group you tried POPE APPROVED ALL IS RIGHT IN THE WORLD fuck you tony opened 6 packs literally nothing wu gets a legendary its vanqueef I already have an vanqueef you legit have all the legendaries i am missing like 30 legendarys so no game I guess? still patching patching forevveer patching civ kinda weird o.O swear you were just on simon lol ? civ? yeah sure 1 turn but patching tony sleeping after 1 game? lol tony already past his bed time yeah sure LOL civ for one game LMFAOOO 1 turn civ it is no legit I asked civ? you said sure one game leggo ?? rudy pls learn to read ???????? guess we no league im too lazy to get out of my bed LOL reap time to watch geek and sundry play board games LOL lets finish that civ game ez lol play civ 30min yeah finish wu's worker turn its kk I think they surrendered nvermind tannuo carry op oh god that game what happened last time I saw tannou was 1 v 5ing their team yeah we won in the end but it was painful either way they threw harder than we usually do y u do this tony sleep nite! yeah I said civ and no one replied Robert pulls a Robert and randomly leaves gg robert time to sleep pce I swear you guys just went through 2 hours of leagu civ??!! hype I tried We needed you next time man worth le toni so do adcs get rekt now donno never played league did patch Uh if your adc is a came who can't dodge thresh  hooks  then yes Vayne lol shot fired at simon? No Had a vayne yesterday who did that so simon Fortunately the other team threw Yup simon rip simon getting picked on today Simon. Nah simon would've done a lot better but then our mmr would've been higher so the enemy team wouldn't have thrown as hard too late Raza TOO LATE Lol guise game in 10 muin? 
18 muin 20 mins 2 hours Civ hours 7 hourrs okay let's just never play We tried damn I expected this every time we try to set up civ game So zain needs to download civ Or 7 days Or both so I should uninstall windows gotcha doit Instructions just weren't clear right install Linux and install wine install Linux and drink wine? but that ain't halal simon you crazy fool This guy's reaction video is better than the actual video LOOOOOL his reactions are way out of proportion to what he's watching so guys league? yeah just doo etttt back just beat it I play tomorrow rip so flop? I donno anyone playing? I'm on civ? league? 7 days? sleep? sleep sleep sounds good I'm down put workers to sleep in civ get on leaguuu? tldr lets play civ woah op guys op wowow 1 hout Ikr What skum yeah 1 hour from when you guys gg right on time man so rudy what's up feelin skumed do you want me to cheer you up here This will cheer you up :') it's the lead singer of imagine dragons silly dancing his way through the city you ok Zain? yeah perfectly fine why? you aren't sleeping and scumming like tony whaaaaat scumming like tony?! I never skum like toni i think tony's just dropped his game yeah you just pulled the old one hour he's grown weak and would tony link an epic remix of Shots? I think not. Tony would be out doing Shots he is see aye nay nay aye what's up guys nm guyz civ? whoa wu is buying us all overwatch? for free message removed damn gg .. well Robert might get false hope I would be down to play league some time today :') well you did say something about free overwatch yeah for a weekend just assumed it was wu if it's this weekend, i'm out I see wow always busy what if I buy tony a fuck ton of soup DO IT nah buy him expired yogurt and this btw did u guys watch dr. strange nay you should. so rudy COW Remember how wu keeps talking about buying a watch and whats up? LOL I think its perfect ye and wu won't read this, so he can't disagree, so he'll agree that's true not saying no is the same is not not saying yes or is it? find out next time on dragon ball wu so 5 hours later and no progress? sounds about right So I might join for one game tonight woah nice u Fine iwon't >: ( >:{D he has mustache I'm not wu #movember  LOL forgot about that wu going grow a statche making my way downtown walking fast faces past and i'm homebound #thousandmiles nah this nah man this nah Gloria is too happy cake is more fuck u YO DO YOU REMEMBER INUYASHA saw someone with an inuyasha profile pic in the comments damn YO sick I used to watch this show yee anyone want to play 3s with hudson hm maybe not sure Nah don'tlike3's WOW RUDY might be playing unreal tournament with sami and his brother but I'm not sure if that's a thing at the moment just play a 3's game don't be like this don't worry, I tell them to fuck off proceeds to tell them to fuck off a man of his word man what a boss he you hero? he just gg'd he is playboy likewu ramsey gave up you know its bad when you know I wouldn't have minded it if chef ramsey became president instead of trump it would have been hilarious he would unite the world on the basis of food and anyone that doesn't agree can fuck off XD if youc an't cook, you can fuck off so yeah apparently playing unreal tournament 4 if you can cook and it sucks, you can also fuck off nope apparently playing 3'sraza rudy join us it will be troll nah you got raza he's already gaming we need the real slim cowshady nahyou got tony doing something atm so can't oh I see you are doing something gotcha you can finish up     Yeah prepping for that civ game I see how it is fine cow yeah packing OVERWATCH FREE WEEKEND NEXT WEEK BOYZ JOIN ME !!! -crickets- its ok robert you can pretend to have friends, next weekend well u for one replied rly fast lol yeah just ate did the jew in u come out to play? no so whens wu buying us overwatch? hopefully soon takes forever back n0pe ? h4x op sup zain Hudson lagging gg anyone for league? I'd play one but Zain isbeing a snake wow what a cow </3 ARE WE DOING THIS nope alright yeah we're already on already invited u lame gimme invite? nvm LOL rudy waiting for u you know what's funny? taric with face of the mountain, locket, redemption, ardent, and athenes reague anyone? sure lol raza say yes and plays by himeslf you were in a game when I got out of mine I thought u ditched lol nah game now? wanna play some ascention? sure Am I reading the time funky or did this convo change from am to pm but still continued on like nothing happened nope that's what happened Well to be fair Robert he never said he would play with you rekted game Zain? On the go train headed home wowowow Another 15 min ez home sup co ^watch that possibly one of the best sketches ever nothing much you? watching chappelle XD oil? you talkin bout oil? bitch, you cooking? I'm down game? game sure go hi hi skype? tony game? we need 1 simon/skum? Gg gg fell asleep gg no re gg at 7?!?!?!!? and woke up at 9? he's a tony he does what he wants and he tones how he.. tony. that's too op and he still ignores us it's ok he tony he reserves the right wow Zain hop off ^ don't tell me where I hop i hop as i please alright you do you ^ you should lane with Robert more dominating lane performance game? only if rudy plays and tony responds otherwise i'm busy...packing... yeah that works sure it does well I wasn't asking Zain tho... hf packing and feel free to take a while long while kk back to packing That's not how you do it robert you're supposed to say ...HARRISON. whos harrison smh gtfo did u even go to fraser bro? it's like asking who's rudy, but you'd be actually right who the fuck was rudy? rudy was that one jerk who pretended to be nice but everyone knew he was a jerk there are people in uft, mac and other universities Zain was... some guy that reference the Harrison line u can find on yearbook Harrison? whos that and they didn't even go to fraser o.O never heard of this line and whoa Robert get out rudy is a saint woah rudy you don't know either LOL guess that makes sense you were asleep for most of high school i'm sure tony knows tony was too busy with ladies in highschool ^ please yeah that's why i expect he knows more people thus knows the line nah tits or gtfo for tony geegee why does tony-ah have such a negative image surrounding him maybe because he never sticks around to defend himself so rudai are u coming on league oh is that aa thing? because he's too busy on his dates so I log on and everyones afk i blame raza normally he does the invites some people are just too lazy smh i know rite welp gg i guess we go do other things now BOT GAME I need win of the day sure down fuck decisions. nope did not see any other invite at all it was too late ^ LOL wow are we actually accepting LMFAO epic i did LMFAO OK felt bad but since you did it its ok i guess we bots now I'm assuming Robert is afk thus bots yep ok leggo play something ok tony/simon, leagu? ? ? to your ? Thought you guys are done we back for round 2 reap just got home :/ Zain ranking on tonys account hype yeayayda moms like rudy you can cut fruit GG believe in yourself #berieve and Hudson died 4 times in a bot game -exposed- so? Simon lost a bot game LOL I REMEMBER THAT wwhat's new? simon = trump? he'll add you nad make someone else kick you out did you hear trump's epic quote of the day no it's such a tony move tony is my hero He has a way with words I am so saddened to hear that, Trump told CBS' Lesley Stahl on 60 Minutes when she said Latinos and Muslims are facing harassment. And I say, 'Stop it.' If it -- if it helps, I will say this, and I will say right to the cameras: 'Stop it.' just stop it you know I preach it but stop it you making me look bad :') so Zain when you moving to the states? soon soon how soon if you say 4 years ima smack you yo wtf that guy was still in this chat LOL lets shit talk tony he's no longer in the chat wtf get on taht I'm actauly tempted do it just do it ill spectate hav to buy first lol I don't hav money don't bother with supports everyone on our team supports zz what go mis mid* I want to support you to die rudy why you trying to kill people disappoint I thought you were better den dis wtf wu you alive #NAME? thought' you'd be busy today WTF IT'S TONY yeah thinking of sleeping soon YO TONY I DEFENDED U MAN HYPE league instead MUST PROTECT THE SKUMLORD must abandon LOL leggo Lol rudy ^This is amazing The original was great and then they one upped it listen in HQ I like it yee what's up tony how are you he's playing league / civ / sleeping / all the above damn he's impressive he has two monitors for a reason adult entertainment on one side adult entertainment on the other too why he has four I am good Zain wbu? why you moving to states he supports trump so do you but you are not going to the states are you? wu when did you become so dilliusional ever since I started drinkg too much according to rudy ^^ so first year ? i donno but my mom was like rudy said you drink too much please your parents know you don't drink anything zzz pls rudy stop spreading false information ???????? I said you were going to bed, must be false ?? ??? . damn even tannuo is here you guy shsud play leagu i am down if you guys all play sure In a bit 'less you have 5 raza turning sourthern to fit in with trump #sacrifices ye how 'bout 'em feeders? Zain why don't you join this clown fiesta? hm HM but I don't like clowns... but you like fiestas don't you? where is le north ? NK Spy, we summon u. poof snap like magic wtf planned anyone has terraria? Cow WOW IT'S TONY'S BIRTHDAY HAPPY TONY DAY Happy T....Skum Day theres nothing happy about growing old stay forever young tony stay forever young anyone down for league? I wanna be 4ever yung bruh wrong song jay z better philosophy I know but jay z is respectable XD he got an encore, do you want more, cooked in raw with them Brooklyn boyz? he wouldn't play league with you. hey the one skum is home how does it feel to be a year older tony oh hey sure? but I am no longer 22 =/ so I cant be feeling 22 op Eh  you can still be young at heart naw play leagu sleep tomorrow ohh orrr sleep today play tomorrow kk good night! gg Tony op gg yeah got terreria yoooo new patch yeah you play? anyone want to start hardcore LOL rip i'm down wu has it too he loves the game sweet i think its mad fun but he went to sleep lol always start the game and i'll join in  bit Robert: rip forgot about tannou, he's so forgettable' 
and he says tannou has feelings gg ge ge so any1 wanna play a game of tilt sure rudy, Roberta? pretty laggy remember yesterday? it's ok we won that game ;D inv someone make and we wait for rudy Rudy or bust no rudy no life no rudy no game i'm busy sorry I do not believe Rudy why you gotta kill dreams like that let dreams be dreams loving the new replays quality not bad you just want to see yourself oneshotting people with nocturne ya you out of toxic queue yet? lol still toxic confrimed lol wu you playing league tonight? I still cant spell confirmed i might sleep i donno pretty tired gg hows the soup never had it ?!>!!?! do anything fun for your birthday? i have a marinated steak in the fridge i should make too... too tired lol i slept for like 11 hours worth so how are you still so tired GG i donno always tired work drains your energy can confirm not even soup esp when your client is so toxic still bothering you? lol STILL DOESN'T WORK LOL LOL LOL rippp they wasted 20k on us lol worth YO WU TRY TO NEW BRAWL ?? I WANT TO WATCH NOTY NOTYTYTY DO IT its like 1k coins fk that worth I want to watch i still have an arena i am playing tho oh have you tried flex queue/ nope is it good? never tried yet so one game of league beforey ou sleep? sure lemme make food first tho kk k i patch and make food well you don't have to patch gg the patch is firkin huge wtf don't download the new client all it's good for is the replay new ui too but they will force the upgrade in like a month anyways lol Tannuo! get terraria and play with cow and i I stole a slime staff from a old play through fuck that grind is that game free LOL so i am download at 35kbps wtf why 9 bucks LOL cow I was tempted to bring a cell phone over cause like grind dude 1% from a pink slim like 0.01% for the rest fuck that inb4 dupe you dirty cheater/dupers please not like wu want to join 100kp dl league rip 'just get the patch later gg I'm creepin just skip the patch buy it for me ye we can make tannuo to pay another dinner I would play sounds like a typical grindy mmo love that shit runescape 2.0 I'm down I can just look at my steam games to see what I owe lol but yo thanks Pinky (1% or 1/100 chance; 1.4% or 1/71 chance).
    Slimed Zombie and any Slime type except: Pinky, Lava, Dungeon, Umbrella, Hoppin' Jack, Corrupt (Shadow Console only.pngMobile only.png), King Slime, Crimslime, Gastropod (Spectral Gastropod Console only.pngMobile only.png), Rainbow (0.01% or 1/10,000 chance; 0.014% or 1/7142 chance). omg slimes is this maplestory 1/100? soft, we got 1/5000 chances in runescape ok yeah its december 200mb lol? yes league? replay system is so cool though secret paladin??? yeah I host how do I host kk hardcord? hardcore? char is soft? world size small? k loading world there was no pw for me yea oading pw is tryn o rip was afk how to ge rid of minimao map oh its cuz i am dl league at 1mbps nto bad whos going get there first league or terrerria sry eating atm    k back so what are the controls kk no problem wasd to move why am I laggy as f i gotta tone down graphics think its his sever are you on his sever? o oops you want to join tehcall wu? i should restart comp sec ok join my game, pw: cow why the fuck is this 200mb game not loading for me pass cow g fking g no internet is fine steam stays terraria is running but its not fuck this server I typed k and it appears 10 seconds later yes pease  mine pw tryn dude seriously why is this 200mb game lagging what zain g'night Tony your new nickname is Soup Skum like the Soup Nazi except you're Skum TONY I NEED SOME FUCKING SOUP WHERE DA FUCK YA AT? i lagged out game just decides to close why does this stupidass 200mb game lag the shit out of me feels like i have 2 fps school i put them all to lowest k ok on single player its smooth i can league any time can we go on discord yes ido Hi lol don't starve is on sale wow its like they predict what we want ? roberttttt its you roberta #roberting hey guys league? sure il play after rip I was afk rekted ditched its k I got ditched too you didn't get ditched cow you ditched zz wht never saw the message ^ guy sstill playing? u wants 2 play werewolf league ZAINS THE WEREWOLF naw league tannuo terriara? cause they r all playing werewolf lol don't starve? while starving? while werewolfing? y you no make zoup rudy join overwatch free weekend guys join!!! nah don't starve 10 bucks? rip rip just make tannou pay for it ez pz TRU id be down to put it on his tab lol is ow actually free for the weekend yeah wu's buying after, so perma free do you have to pay for the initial download? yes rip that is what free means I see Lol gl running ow on your laptop tannuo min graphics? didn't you struggle with terraria? terraria is weird badly optimized no...... You struggled w pd2 ow u can dl for free and play for free for the weekend lol but ya terraria is not the best optimization game is fun doe is there a .ini file in overwatch that lets you put graphics below what they let you and path who knows I honestly don't know google is your best friend Robert needsn o scrub file well that's cause I'm so scrub I hav 1k laptop so optimization dosnt matter.... poor poor Tannuo on the other hand downgraded a laptop when his old one died rip $300 trash refurbished man just don't eat for a school year and get something better ez Yeah rudy Don't drink alcohol for 1 months you can get yourself new computer please wu just needs to pay me back AND DO I LOOK LIKE A ALCHOLOIC? don't answer that uhh lol fuck you robert I didn't say anything yet >.> you were going to don't even lie cause I would ^ yep u know me i don't like to gossip unlike firkin shady tannuo >.> LOL We all understand tannou shit talks the most probably goes Robert is scrub lord 2007 behind my back too rip yeah and u cow u r literallly the shadest person i ever met lol litearlly a saint noteven exaggerating a fucking saint what are you talking about Do I look like tony? a fallen angel like way fallen WHOA where is this coming rom I'm so nice to peeps dude ur so shady lol sometimes on a bad day still love u doe bro but so so shady how am I even shady Zain is shady ... WHO WEARS SWEATERS IN SUMMER i wont grace that with an answer YOU KNOW HES HIDING SHIT LOL long as what hes hiding dosnt go pop np wow and i'm the shady one? what He's waiting for the right moment Or emergency come on and Robert you the true shady one, never did take wu shopping ??? what does that hav to do with it lol no clue lol LOL simon I feel like you''ve become so tilted these past few days, its pretty funny ? o.O from work Omw home oh raided stash? and going home Nah not today Director was still there lol rip lol hey guys sup nm just had a nice nap XD I know how you feel now cow lol what you nap more than me you always have naps naw I never nap more than you ..... legit we go like we should hango ut and you respond at like 9 pm sorry just had soup and woke up from nap dude i should have soup rihght now see... or civ lol YOU SAID YOU WOULD gg yo yeee civ hype play overwatch guys fuck civ LOL what WHAT ow fun as fuck who is this its free LOL for 3 days just dl it and play with us you can run it? yes robertttttttttttt? is that you min graphics hype I'm literally playing claywatch dude do the tarvern brawl 12 wins = 1k gold 1 k dust and 50 packs PLEASE LOL DO IT WU DO ITTTTTTTTTTt i am playing hearth right now you wanna watch? download OW while youre at it tony sure call? sure they made a card for you they did ^rito pliz yo I got an hourz to kill any1 wanna do somethin for an hours cool sure Zain? yo man overwatch is so much fun LOL real ZZZ wanna play? get well soon :') shower first kk ill join wait brb k fuck nasus yo so what's the plan guys hi So..what's going on well me and Zain meeting up at my hosue at 3 we buying fried chicken to my hosue if you wanna join simon uh sure did you want any food? not anytime soon lol kk did you want me to pick you up? that will be great kk I be there in 45 min ish depending on how long food takes to order kk O.o 45 minuites to order food WINGS WHEN WAS THIS sup boyz btw skumbag group Titanfall 2 is 50% off with coupon TITAN20 and the current black Friday sale sorry Roberta planning something with friends almost done lol I'm just bored take ur time Zain: resident titanfall promotion official he works for them under the table monies reeeeverse* no but seriously seems like a cool game just letting everyone know ^_^ did everyone go to sleep? rip don't think so? well maybe tony simon's on league     tannuo's in game k im here anyone want to play something nah sleeping It's so late lol When is the free weekend over? Yes and nah one more day overwatch anyone? sure but guess noones on w8t.... cow u hav ow? It's still free want to play a round? I havnt played with u yet lol Eating after? and its over gg LOL srs gg guys fyi don't get titanfall 2 . get titanfall? lol what happened Harrison was trying to get  me to buy it we tried it community is kinda dead half the game modes have no players the people still playing are all high level and have access to op shit lol so a good time? only 1 game mode had 1000 players total number of players around 5000... zzz so you saying tony should buy us overwatch and not titanfall or that you should pay tony the money you owe him back in copies of titanfall 2? yes. also my overwatch expired gg yup guys never buy an EA game ever again. BF? don't trust EA. even their refund program and support links don't work I don't really buy them, just wait to get them free unless on major sales Tannou has feelings too - buy titan fall - zaain shit its cold in my house and shivered and added a a gg gg Community is everything lol and I thought titan fall would be big too When  did it come out? And what price did u get it at? That's in us so anyone gonna get ow? tony lol sup guys sup guys I might Robert if I can convince some uni friends to join hey rudy like tony ? do you guys want to meet up one day after 5pm play some boardo gamezerino at tony's right? wherever tony's would be easiest for me simon may have some trouble coming from dtown nah think wu is the lazy one to go downtown rudolph wanna leagu? Do you? you're right, too much effort so yes? i'm gonna go sleep alright tony g'night goodnight rudolph wt patch? what does wild turtle have to do with this he's too wild wow Zain you aren't even on ... just logged n GG yay glitchy league clients and we got ditched by tannou and robert nope tannuo and Robert are too op for u i'd join you but I'm at work =D and raza good guy raza Zain working hard hold me guess not aite tannuo lai are you done? Guys Rudy officially got his first penta. shh they might think i'm good now still 100% shit didnt see it so doesnt count WE HAVE LOL REPLAY SUCK IT TANNUO HIT EM WITH THAT SHIT i refuse to watch HIT EM TANNUO ^ the legendary rudy pentakill send that shit to the highlight reels SUCH TILT so boyz did it finllay solve itself ? Nope, bought titan falls intead right guys? suck it robert uhh I think if u did that u would be the losing one but sure I'm happy for u cow when ur jerking off by urself in that game il think of u isn't that the great life though? and you just lost to me in overwatch ^ sucker WHAT BULL u were on the other team? LLOL yeah I was the pink chick ? were u the mei or dva one in the robot lol dude I don't even remember u the bastion carried with the rein you just jealous that I killed you >.> when did u kill me u almost did once lol pretty sure I did rekt by a newb rip in pepperonis g g skumbag toniah Zain whats up did you sleep yet wtf wu is up lol sleep g'night hi toni how at eyou tilted I r good you? Zain you not coming dt on Saturday? rip I fked up so hard nah has fam things to do dt? downtown down to tony's LOL nobody is at my hosue so down to tonies so what is this a bro date? rudys hockey tickets want to come? its only the marlies bring Tannuo let him experience the outside world yeah robertttttttttttt you wanna come watch hockey w us? rip response yes Robert is down yes Zain is not down down with the sickness so what's up rudy how come you are always appearing offline these days? quick draw o.O I am trying to avoid all the azn gfs? didn't notice I mean busy packing Don't worry I won't tell them pay wu back in popcorn Tannuo Lai I've been listening to Shelter on repeat for like 30 min Am I a weeb now? ayy I am weeb. I are weeb* what is the chorus actually saying Hello 'Hello Raza the Chained with Battlecry', how are you? ayy awoo ayy oh it's really beautiful ayy awoo ahh damnit raza the chained answer the man what did you get to be chained up Raza the Chained with Battlecry says, Fuck you Hello Raza the Chained with Battlecry, why do you say that? now raza the chained needs some soap tsk tsk raza the chained mom would be dissapointed i'm aware raza the chained shows displeasure in his new found nickname, by screaming a battle cry to the world why would you put the hello In there? It made it better for me. it's really when it all began rudy I swear this band is really good but I don't understand his word choice in this song It's like he had a good concept and just picked the wrong words for his rhymes XD it's actually kinda funny you're expecting something... and then he just picks like a word which purposely kills his flow everything you do fails thanks I KNOW RIGHT WHY WHAT WAS HE THINKING LOL XD If he renamed the song something about a door and whispering i'm confused and retooled it for people instead of faith why would someone be whispering at your door When you're in the darkest of spaces, do you want numbers or faith?
^ kinda weird This line would be so much better as When you're in the darkest of spaces, do you want numbers or faces? LOL I got faith in faith #worth It's really bad given that they've written a masterpiece like Gone Away and Never Stop and than he shits on god by saying why are we talking about god when everything goes to hell faith in faith yes and their overall musicality is really good LOL i'll pass ^ They actually have some really good music in terms of how they layer the instruments It's really impressive dunno why remembered this song aye that's a good one no clue why back when Maroon5 was still a rockband good days right? well gotta change to get the monies hey I still like their music but this is hardly rock I dunno people have a misconception that rock music is grunge When most rock music is actually pretty soft from the 70s through to the 90s Like think Queen their songs aren't heavy still great yeah I say its more soft rock ^ not rock rock is a big genere though But that depends on what you classify as 'rock' which is what I alluded to above I don't get why people shit on coldplay for not being 'rock' enough When they're not even listening to rock cold play did turn really more pop in their laater years no? nope feels like it It's still rock think when compared to their older stuff I feel like you've lost the definition of rock it feels that way Because you grew up on rock which was closer to punk Well that's it, not really a problem (plus I don't hsit on cold play) different generations will have different views on certain terms just let it be getting butt hurt over things that don't really matter in life ^ Something like foo fighters for example I don't think they're close to rock they're pretty grunge style tru eh they got more soft over the years nothing wrong with it They got more old school over the years Tho i'll be honest some of their songs are straight garbage LOL Yeah what can you do tm Do you know the entire Wasting Light album is just a bunch of clich phrases Every single song is just another clich phrase Literally. nope didn't really listen to it Fun songs tho Listen to Dear Rosemary like to me, the newer one has more of a pop feel Dude the bass line on adventure of a lifetime is fucking sick yo dude its not a bad thing just that feel when you listen to it like legit listen to that bass and plus doesn't pop just mean popular music Yes it does but being popular doesn't necessarily make a song pop otherwise every great song in history would be a pop song meh losse defeintions its more inline with whats mainstream at the moment I liken pop to pulp in that it is lacking meaningful substance (the song isn't trying to convey a message) Oh see different defentions of pop I just call those songs shit but catchy Take Closer for example Catchy, great song But it doesn't really say anything see again different defentions ^ so in the end as long as you enjoy the song who cares yup man Zain you should just go game, there's less argument when your distracted by feeding IM STILL TILTED FROM YESTERDAY LOL ME TOO MAN HOLY SHIT ONE JOB SO TILTEDDDDDDDDDD i'm never gonna let Robert live that down hahahahaha I HIT MY POWER SPIKE LOL Should have left Susan on defense Zain hated me for 30 miniutes of the game Guard dog but loved me for 10 miniutes than both got tilted by robert ^ ? sounds like a fun game replay please No thanks, don't need to relive those memories But I do need to bring it up to troll robert gtfo raza the chained, you do not simply bring up such traumatizing events of course I do trauma is my shit it's the chained isn't it? Let's change the subject to someone else, you know lately I've been subject to change nah. what's this trauma you speak of spoke of* It doesn't matter much to me if it doesn't matter much to you. It's just a matter of time before... it's just a matter of time. Although I hate to rewind.. susan? I should have known that it would end that way... susan op op op don't you know susan is the girl Zain is talking to? uh huh didn't eeven go to bed because of susan regreats were made but worth Surprisingly Foo Fighters lyrics are surprisingly concise summary of my emotions that game than Robert came in last moment and cockblocked and ruined the whole night summary Like legit that is basically the game i see but that's no replay These days you end up with these teams. The game went back and forth. It was just a matter of time until the power spike. We started winning team fights and we missed the misery. Then we should have known what happened. And now I'm learning to walk again. Hey rudy so what you're saying is we should play league? We should just never tell anyone what happened but keep taking subtle jabs at roberta and keep suspense around it LOL amen just walk away hehehe hahaha I lay there in the dark and I close my eyes, you saved me the day you came alive. sup boyz aren't you busy defending the nexus? I don't mind subtile jabs lol ? what nexus right? who needs one of those overrated like Zain so so overrated whos Zain? right how much r those tickets btw rudy tnrw tmrw and when is the game? sry I had to go to sleep yesterday wake up early for work 1:30 free I mean 20 bucks for you >.> skreb lol up to you if you want to come we go busing it so whens the game? hav stuff to do at 12 ish 1:30 rip well have fun defending the nexus WHOA an't about that life no shame man no shame i'll drop tony off in the morning for you and him to have some quality one on one it's been awhile ROFL right I hav tim sry :/ cheating on tony on tim? u know just cause your bi dosnt mean u cant believe in one partner damn not playing ow today cow? nah go play league with zain wow 290 messages tldr: raza the unchained is mad lol raza that unchaned I mean chained yo lemme play a few ow rounds with you guys wow tannuo has overwatch?! no Robert has overwatch and bought it for me and I will pay him back right robert Robert bought something for someone else? Don't believe it Zain is the true snake ?? doesn't invite me to play overwatch because it brings up the average mmr too much LOL WHAT wait your mmr is low... also have 80 gold quest apparently the system is for each premade member, mmr doubles regardless of level LOL kk lemme get on i believe in tannuo lol XD sorry tannuo but we had some fun games with u on the enemy team LOL so you're telling me you 1. ditched him 2. proceed to kill him 3. turn into tony with your scumbagging skills 1. could've invited him
2. no proof
3. you are anyone whos alive down for overwatch? raza did u get it? nope lol Hello Raza the Unchained w/ Battlecry hi Zain the Shitlord w/ Deathrattle That's funny Hello Raza the Unchained with Battlecry You should keep doing it Hello Raza the Unchained with Battlecry I intend to, Zain the Shitlord with Deathrattle Nice Hello Raza the Unchained with Battlecry sup boyz with the battlecrys and deathrattles and everything else Zain I just found out that reaper is op need nerf so much dmg nice u thin its worth getting hots just for genji skin?.... I know peepz that have. Personally I would not. fking frend that rly wants the skin and I'm like but but dl 14 gigs it's free and play 15 games of badness just for skin?.... ah anyways down for some games Zain? not at the moment roberta maybe later on at night My sister has guests over and I am trying to be semi-present is that y u didn't go marleys? yeah I might head down there in the evening But cow never responded to a text I sent him in the morning so I'm probs just gonna meet uni friends if I go There's always something to do downtown tru otherwise I will laze at home and play overwatch or study a bit fking lol whops its my lazy day gf is at her house and I'm freeeeeeeeeeeee haha so who is your gf robert how come we have never met her duh id never introduce her like ever tony knows man no trust LOL what? English please Ok let's start with the basics, what is her name and how did you two meet? I don't trust u guys too troll hence id never bring her to our meets and I scare her with horror stories about how much of a dick all of you are Yeah probs not a good idea to bring her to a guys day out literally thinks I hang out with a group of 12 year old guys LOL But she should not be alien to your friends and vice-versa well she knows half my friends I guess she and I hang out with my church friends like all the time but she dosnt like games or drinking so like rip engineers Only Tony, Raza the unchained w/ battlecry and I are engineers Rudy, Tan ~= business
Simon ~= IT Security Consultant / NK Spy Simon might possibly be a quadruple agent Who knows sounds sketch to me man I'm the only one with a weird job LOL all u Asians with ur it/eng/business Food Scientist isn't that weird compaired to exibit a: Asian dream come true? It's not a common job but if you think about it there's got to be someone doing that job Engineering is overrated I only like IT because I like the people I work with/around Business is like barely a degree anymore you have to go do certifications to get anywhere so tru depends on if u think specification is good or not I mean i can do one job well but only one job lol well industry i suppose u guys r nmore flexible but need more education / experience tru Yeah I can do a lot of things with pretty good competency but not any one thing with expertise btw tan u and i should do some 3's on ow its mad fun idk if u played it much nope haven't touched it but I would be down wait so am I chained or unchained be consistent! unchained Zain needs grammerly I'm keeping it fresh See, fresh. that is a helluva fresh emoji lol how bout this drat i cant turn this inot a emoji but dang raza i never met u but u look like zerath Yeah, that's how he looks in person. Last I met raza was years ago, but imagine someone like me with fair skin, shaggier hair and glasses anyone around? im here ow? let me find a game by myself then you join it to keep the mmr as low as possible? ooo sry i just saw the msg I'm around now WE GOT 3 ON OW GET ON who do we have? Roberta me his friend and his friend* is there a discord/skype chat? brb in a few min added u to call wow never added me gg rudyu I got my watch its super nice but I hate the starp just get it replaced easy soultions LOL yeah but overall pretty cool kk sleep night! g'night! Zain why you ditch us yesterday I think you are misremembering tony #CannotWalk140m It's like 10 min away! #RightAcrossTheStreet I was so tilted I dipped ??? I was just talking w rudy no clue what was going on Also you guys picked a retardedly far location that closes early XD All wu reported skumbag rudy told me 10 min walk 10/10 walking speed It was from where we were... And your the one that didn't want to meet zains friend LOL yeah cuz I had to wait for drew/sonya Because we had to walk to union and didn't wanna walk 20 min Sureeeeeeeee See don't blame me rudy you wanna play ow In a bit tilted Brother came over and just kicked me Like wtf from? He was trying to wake me up apprently Like wtf LOL yeah the driver needs to drive him Zzz How's the xbox eat brb Tannuo u gonna pay me back to say? Today 45 for ow 8 for terraria Yes to say best day Lol yeah come Address? U can just pm skype  e if u want Shit tannuo is getting mugged Il drop by when practice is over >. > Mugged lol Hey I should just go to Tanuos house and play ow from.  There Practice? Yeah don't just go there and take his money and leave Lol Il pick him up and we both goto tonnes Do it Tony can we come over lol whut I have to clean up my house then? Nah We Asian we used to the mess Dude that would u bother We will be on the computer in one room Lol LOL why omg  I cant stop laughing just saw the best potg a symmetra was camping sombre teleporter fking sombra teleports back and walks off map accidently and symmetra gets a turret kill at the same time my sides hurt anyone around for ow? so that's a no doing laundry like actually AS USUAL NICE EXCUSE next your going tell me you're going to be watching your laundry because your washing machine is broken and leaking water >.> or that i'm packing for an imaginary adventure yeah and google images to your friends to show you went there Ya man I was totally in Japan 5 min ago see proof btw on the left that's Aeric He is sad that Tony ditched him You can see it on his face WHO WANTS TO MEET TONY Brown guy on the right is Terry I flew to a glacial awhile ago pretty fun ^ Nice Were you there like 15 mina go than went hiking I think I saw you I was there too damn we just missed each other Nice why I need to sleep so much, so tired of googling photos music starts at :40 too much effort ya I made it easier by linking the exact time oh 7 days to die is on sale wth is this a lazy contest don't see you going out robert WEHRE ARE YOUR PICTURES AS PROOF WE DONT EVEN KNOW IF YOU ACTUALLY DID MUG TANNOU YESTERDAY I predicated cow's laziness Yeah man you came and left pretty quick I call bs staged suspcious >.> dude it took me 10 minutes how slow do u want me to drive damn mugging in leess than 10 minitues impressive TOO IMPRESSIVE I'm out rn likely photo guess we're not playing overwatch then Robert has no friends so this is fake gg >.> that's pretty fancy roberta where were u I DONT SEE TANNOU montreal OH IS YOUR GF IN THERE IN THE PICTURE not real gf was working so I dipped and went partying wow skumbag roberta Tannuo hates photos LOL LOL SO BM how is that bm you ditched your gf to hit on other girls while she was working #Robert things shhhhhhhhhhh I hope you were more graceful in your dipping than you usually are LOL she turns around Roberts gone LOL Yep 2 days later sends her a text lol gg sup you owe me money then pick it up and leave XD to go home to play ow legit in 10 mintues i'm beginning to suspect your gf and tannuo are one in the same didn't know you dated tannou LOL and  didn't know tannou worked at a bar explains where he disappears to I can see it no wonder only tony knows who Robert's girl friend is He prepares drinks and then uses E to spin to the other side of the bar When there are too many ppl around he uses his R and then takes out 1-2 ppl before dying he's the life of the party When he sees a cute girl, he makes sure to one shot Needs to leave a good impression by pressing r so ya overwatch guys? wtf wtf wtf lol I just read that exposed ^ wtf is this sketch ..... also y we make new rooms every 2 seconds it's the same room man Robert + tannou, hidden in the dark where da cow? Rudy u joining? in a second invade? invade? always above link Best present na happy birthday rudy Thanks a lot! enjoy tony's food! I am midnight snacks HAPPY BIRTHDAY COW THANKS ROBERTA AGAIN Cowz zain h0ly fuck rudy I had a Simon day LOL tilted? SOOO FUCKING TILTED DUDE LOL what happened don't ask a ptsd that screb cc: ROBERT!!!! TANNOU !!! ZAIN !!!
Why you no feed tony!!!! tony 2 op i'll save the bread he got me until it turns bouncy Robert overwatch? sure I hav trouble opening blizzard launcher might be caused by my antivirus ye one job. >.> u tell me how to fix it I trying to find how to set exceptions in avg ONE JOB ONE JOB titled >.> Zain's just gonna sit there drinking all day huh? that tilted. cow wanna join us? sure Hello Raza the Chained with Battlecry What happened to Seto i'll play might lag wait kaiba has feelings? it's a rouse to make you buy him steam games ^ worked on robert who the heck is pridereaper on the discord chat tony? nah tony is salt it's tony's new discord your face is tony's new discord nah its not broken like yours ^ what? y I salt? cuz you are holy shit wu is alive nope I zombie yeah but you pretty salty tony have 7 days to die ?? and turn into zombie gg that would be so cool you die from zombies and become one naw I die in 1 day 17 hours and kill your freinds you mean eat your friends\ nah wu supplied me with snacks so i'll hold off hey simon it's been a while where you been at OH yeah wu, ever go to the dentist for your wisdom teeth? Los santos & work LOL how is it? gta5 right? dayum u in los santos? broooooo graphic wasn't as good as I thought it would bew next time man simon do u have overwatch? nope no you should buy him overwatch ^ don't want it I think Harrison and his azn crew wanted you to join not a fan of fps I remember fps games gave you motion sickness ^ yeh dang think why you stopped playing cs go overwatch is way worse yup why you should buy him a vr machine in terms of moving things yeah yea saw the youtube i'm like nope not buying this hm maybe u shud try it and see if you get rekt got rekted by youtube video nah I don't even like fps to begin with anyways yeah but it's not really an 'fps' it's more like league meets tf2 we should just do the driving mission in payday my wrist twitch too much to aim with tannou ..... dude its fps LOL you're not supposed to aim with wrist always use arm/elbow come on man that's like gaming 101 you will cause long term damage otherwise uhm it's not something that I have control it's my CTS -.- cts? carpel carpal tunnel syndromme didn't you damage yoru wrist a long time ago yeah yeah it's still there tru tru why do you think I quit badminton and tennis zzz salt slat I thought it was cuz u lazy like cow nope not allowed to play wrist demanding sports dayum i even have hard time cooking (aka cutting shit with precision) you should buy a giant mousepad thought you just got lazy like wu did so you don't need to use your wrist at all wow zz or did wu quit because the girl quit not too sure probz both LOL no my wrist twitches even when i'm not moving lol Never noticed it was that bad o.O damn that's pretty next level should main kalista ^ she's getting a buff do you ever use those wrist strains used to during highschool when i insisted on playing bdmt ahh you were pretty busy math, badminton and band gg I think i had wear that for 3 months during day + half a year when I'm sleeping oh that's pretty annoying one of the neurologist said if you are planning on becoming a doctor, you better pick psychology or something LOL pretty bm but true true story i can't imagine me being a surgeon lol LOL opps wrist twitched Confirmed Simon will be the next Dr. Strange oh dr strange I should go watch that still yeah Zain does still owe you that popcorn yeah Zain can totally watch it again lol whut yee paying you back in popcorn did you guys wanna league or something? oh god and sure actually brb food i'll watch hum tannuo playing nocturne I'm sorta working client said I want two different reports........WHEN I JUST FINISHED WRITING IT zzz reap almost done though kk time to eat food kk i'm finishing something up too ping when free ping wait wrong ping im down eating rite nao wo? ow? like cool ppl wait cool people play ow? like who? <- uh huh like everyone cept this one guy whats his name raza the chained razer? with battle cry razzzzzzzzzzzpberry? razzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz I give up what about the north Korean spy? he has good reason motion sickness and bad wrist kk I finish eating league? wtf you eat ribs? err pork tenderloin with spicy mayo simon join us? working told you new ow match has traffic u can get hit by cars now lol wtf its gonna be great next patch whens the patch who knows should be son soon sure dude you should start playing hearthstone and craft raza the chained ^ I should get that raza looks op yeah do it what about u? wheres ur raza? can't afford too expesnive raza is pretty high maintenance ...with battlecry too much crying? dude you can craft raza golden ya tannuo, can you make this your profile pic on skype pretty high maintence razashould change his to a golden raza chained dude I got a new monitor on the cheap and so tilted my gfx card doesn't have a vga connection likeeeee wtf LOL rip so should I drive to Walmart to buy one do it an adapter* or should I order it on amazon depends on how paitent you are I am willing to tower dive but I am also lazy soooo league isntead is what you are saying no ones around tho no one to tower dive with ^ sad life but if u wanna carry me I am down ILL ORDER IT FOR YOU ON AMAZON that doesn't really solve my problem I tried you get Robert now uhh wahts the price differnecE? skip to the half way point yes. holy shit so much effort weird the version that's on spotify sounds 100x better i'llj ust watch the whole thing recording probably yeah price is about the same cow LOL now are you that lazy that you won't go yeah kk than order it on amazon ez fk i'll go tomorrow LOL ultimate lazyiness so sup u wanz play somethin LOL no going eat soon that's why cow never wants to play with us no cause were not unchained gg exposed exposure 2 chainz no wonder raza likes leblanc LOL feels like home role playing? #cow ow anyone? yeah i'm down rip well wat happened o.O I figured out what it was my avg I had to make an exception for both the battle.net launchers I'm not sure why but I blame this on rudy LOL sounds like somethin I would write lets be honest that' snot just something you would write that's like legit it's you oh fuck it woke up damn LOL yup sounds like me time to grab food and spectate nope ohh spectate hypee wow WOW TONY WHERE DO I GET DVI-VGA CONVERTOR some times it will come w your graphics/monitor brb shower ow Tannuo? sure let me finish patching hearthstone first and watch that clip u on discord? no skype join? no discord yeah no discord add me DISCORD NO YOU NO ENGLISH? ON DROCSID whers tannou? game? k on discord what are you guys playing league/overwatch/civ lol civ LOL ok der ow wanna join league? join us? lol lucy is on my acc for league play w her I play path w warren rip nty I want a ip bot time to be antisocial for 1 month isn't patch Friday? build planning what happened to Tannuo here I lagged out yo tony did you get chained raza no I got 0 legends didn't you buy 40 packs? and get 6 free no how many packs did you get 25 26 gg zero? 0 how? opend it up and manually cleaned the switch you can do it to rudy eh mines fine LOL for simon ^ theory crafting toni hey hi tony how are you? good you? WHAT great. its a tony gg all the people that said would game didn't come GG lol ? wu game after shower sure I don't have work tmro wu disappears for a hour BUY MORE PACKS PLEASE It's okay Tony ? We already speculated about what you were really doing. what? Singing Human (Tony Remix) in the shower on a date? oh I almost forgot Hello Raza the Chained with Battlecry I wish skype let me set display pictures for my contacts Tannuo would be Seto Kaiba Robert would be Mai Valentine do it Rudy would be a cow Raza would be his hearthstone card I am a cow Simon would be a meta picture of himself pretending not to be an NK spy by blending in with a group of his peers Tony would be a Zac E nearly landing but not quite what would you be? tnt? Nah I would just be me the rest of you don't have actual profile pics So I need to create an association i'm a cow o.O I was thinking more like this or this fair this one is better. LMAO omg that's amazing wtf XD lol wtf r u trying to sell cheese with cow's face lol someone needs to caption that GOT MILK? AHAHAHAHAHA omg I'm dying oooooooooooooh yo Raza's can be a picture of him chained to midlane XD Zain go to sleep you getting more weird than usual impossible see how bad it i neva I agree with rudy y u agree w cow I think anyone with agreement with raza is chained with battlecry so therefore rudy cannot be trusted i agree with Zain? what Overwatch? pls raza never chained I agree with tony. You are in agreement with me, not the other way around buddy and sure Zain? One game? well i was in agreement with rudy too but that made him untrustable Noone here can be trusted gg In the words of the immortal Dave Chappelle, Just because you say you something doesn't mean you are that. Like imagine if I'm about to have sex with a girl and I say Wu-tang. That don't mean I'm part of Wu-tang. so i say you're full of shit, shitlord. so guys ow? nah too late tony Will play tomorrow I'm busy theory-crafting my day tomorrow Gotta optimize my dps gotta find my core items LOL i'l play a game or two kk I probably wont ow tmro snaked GG Yeah he has to play PoE Quoth the Raven Nevermore. get on and play with batman ANyone know dat dude yeah its batman how do you not know batman so anyone around? is everyone playing poe? lol poepoepoe rip I only c u tho tony wheres ur friends Tony got friends? PoT Path of Tony guyz lvl 100 warlock did youget to level 30 yet? guyyyyyzzz its zain 27 I cant speed run because I have 400 ping lol I got to 4 hp LOL almost died at level 2 guyzzzz I survived with 1 hp i'm immortallllllll best player NA LOL you playing with wu? of course ow Zain playing holy shit i'm a level 200 dungeon master dan when did you find the time between overwatch, work nd league Ah you know me It's easy gotta impress tony GG Just don't sleep rudy legit could not sleep till 2am yest was so tired this morning o.O I blame tony and you didn't play overwatch with us GG EXPOSED tan you no on path anymore? No he decided to throw his laptop against the wall yeah he's playing hentaiking now or something looks legit yo Zain weren't you getting him a better laptop Or he got kidnapped by the shadow riders I offered but he said he liked clay gg Zz making me slack off right? sup SUP musik Yes cow u wann play league when u done ur assignment? uhh probably going sleep early tonight pretty tired aite go play with wu he's not busy true. if he says he is he's lying I could probably play one today up to u UP TO YOU but I said up 2 u first TOO BAD ok to keep alive a moment at a time the still inside a whisper to a riot the sacrifice, the knowing to survive that first decline, another state of mind i'm on my knees, i'm praying for a sign forever, whatever, I never wanna die. AND HE'S GONE CRAZY AGAIN oh opps been writing in cpas disappointed, rudy didn't recognize lyrics rip rip rudy rudy is lame confirmed ok just played a bots with this guy he has 8000 bot wins... YOU DIDNT INVITE ME THIS FREINDSHIP IS OVER Dude I offered so many times you just never come pretty impressive ^ you never said bot game wow I thougth it was tilt game always a tilt game where does it say he played that many bot games o.O That's the thing, it doesn't on this page BUT HOW DO YOU KNOW It only shows it in the post game lobby when you highlight the person's name I found that funny LOL how many do you have? That guy is the Tannuo of bot games 999? I had 606 not bad same we should try to lose a bot game ^ (just play with simon) LOL the shit talk is real we should play digmon masters online TRUE Not I don't need a game for that one I remember playing Digimon World my digimon died of old age near late game that feel I was like... okay? LIKE IN REAL LIFE I wasn't aware age was a thing in this XD it always is k I'm just gonna watch anime since u don't want to league 2 are addicted to poe and the last is chained I haven't seen anime in forever wat shud I watch rudy? LEGGO another terraria? you can fish FISH 7 days to die in minecraft so league ? or you watching anime league anime it is o.o LOL whats up simon responded at worst time gg ? just finished working league? yea sure ye back to sitting in league andn ot making a game suckers yes? Every one went to sleep? sleep yeah except for tony he doesn't sleep. he plays path all day that's the least populated I've ever seen this group League of Skumbags So what are you up to tony-ah pathhh so when are you going to burn out now? Is this going to last a couple of weeks? lol I donno 3 days maybe skypoe Sup rudy tony needs u Nah rekt He is on poe All he needs Maybe a bit of tannuo spice And coffee TONY AH rudy robert tannuo simon u guys wanna hang out today Tonys? ya so we got me, cow and tony tannuo/Robert/simon We all go and watch wu play path and comment on his failures And bad build Not enough spinninh rudy can u call simon I don't have his # Gg Robert can u check if tannuo is alive? Noone knows his number tannuo at loo Gg Wu let's go to loo naw You drive Simon's not feeling too gud today He says another time Gg tell him to get well soon Tyty oh the name changed League of Skumbags - Raza the unchained League of Skumbags so is he chained or unchained League of Skumbags - Raza the chained LOL Why not both League of Skumbags - The Sequel League of Skumbags - Raza the (Un)chained Best now we got both League of Skumbags - Zain the Shitlord League of Skumbags League of Skumbags - Raza the Salty (Un)chained League of Skumbags Damn this is a thing now League of Skumbags - Raza the (un)chained from youtube League of Skumbags XD anyways so yeah simon is out, tannuo is presumably dead and Robert is mia Man we got change this convo like all sneak like Rip Maybe you should invite eric He always did want to meet tony I think tony left a bad impression The perfect one He remains true to his scumbag ways Exactly so he really did meet tony already in a sense of experiencing wu's ways he works in mysterious ways TOny moves in mysterious ways ehh So what's the plan Ow? I'm down leggo kaaaaaaaaaaow hey raza is FFXV out? yes is it good? supposedly the story sucks and the gameplay is solid dayum Nomura average rating is 8/10 he was shoved off it later on though ah not sure how much he's involved in the stories of these things think it looks fun has flaws but should be worth a play through apparently summons are kinda sorta random though like you can't use them at will they just auto activate once certain conditions are met which is kinda dumb also the movie and anime are essential to understand the plot (Un)chained Raza with Battle Cry - League of Skumbags League of Skumbags (Un)chained Raza with Battle Cry - League of Skumbag League of Skumbags Everyone done with life and is retreating to Poe land where everyone is a loner and has no life? we gonna eat some wings not sure if there will be follow-up plans you are welcome to join roberta but it's near my place (port credit) Wingporium Thx bae But just had nice sushi Amazing takoyaki if ur into that Lunch at 6 Preping for soup He got the soup man # soup life Please make display pic btw dominos has 50% off till tomorrow tomorrow being the last day huh  skt peanut anyone up for some good old league of legends by riot games sure though I believe tony rudy and Zain are/were all hanging out Robert may have joined them and simon's sick mm Tannuo I texted you you fucker! ;D did you? didn't get any Ap trynd op What's your number Tony wants to rank with someone over here minus tannuo I mean a trynd Anyone up for it He will legit take the first person Who says he will lol Raza? Robert? Simon? Minus a trynd plox Anyone? Once in a lifetime Opportunity Betrayed by Robert Rekted My hopes and dreams.. Shattered Get rekted so hard It's because he wasn't invited by tannuo Why Robert why wow you made zainsad so sad rudy what did you pm me on league I could not read because I'm waiting out low priority queue wtf you on legue? LOL rip wu was wondering if you wanted to rank gg o na Tannuo Rudy and Tony challenged us to 2v2 bot Lane Trynd and Leona vs them LOL I said anytime Let's fuck em up no tony and simon leavem e out of this trynd lane now? I'm on lets go lagging totally why i'ma lose Coming in 2 min Just cleaning up downstairs can I spectate? no, in case we get rekt the less witnesses the better nah we got rekted already nothing to spectate LOL by robert why is Robert rekking yo you can solo drag at 5 ez as ww noice anyone around? yup if only u had ow lol do have lol tho =D when did u get it? 6 years ago ow anyone? Out now maybe in an hour whattttttt ppl hav lives O.O Clearly you do Mr I will be there at 8 sry dress shoping with the gf is pretty i tip rip This guy srsly tho I was so tired lol How come you never go dress shopping with Tony He needs the attention too TRUUUUUUU I'm sry tony You have to balance your gf and your Tony You can't invest so much time in one and neglect the other CAT FIGHT HISSSSSS but like tony winning fights uhh ITS BEEN A HOUR sorry was playing saints game? Fell asleep on go train Missed stop LOL proud of you I pulled a Cow yep whatcha ate? saints still cow.... do u still find it fun? Thai food And then sticky rice desert Dessert* eh I just finished the campain did u kill the chicks or did u kill killbane? I didn't c the killband ending saved the chick lol the last mission was so lame LOL i had fun we kept blowing up the statue by accident fun times phew finally home scrub i heard you were hanging out with robeert today all da time with my good friend and pal roberta ..... ow boys? sure damn time to win some comps for da golden guns cow? i'm on? discord soz rip leagu crashed everything anyone still here sup I think a lot of ppl went to slep lol gg omg finally they updated symmetra only took a firkin yera year& lam she was op worth nerf symmetra right nope...... gg they updated something else got placed into bronze here comes the climb also Zain I figured out how to circumvent the email I contacted blizzard support and they just gave me a game key that the other party can enter and get the game instantly lol climb with w wu That only works if the payment has been processed Roberta ?? Then there are tonys hi tony-ah hi How are you? good good you? Also good how is path of exile I am still alive thank god so basically Zain used some sketchy credit card to pay for ow nah, apparently that's the way banks work When a transaction occurs they validate it before processing In my case the bank had approved it but the approval hadn't reached blizzard as yet bad interwebs everywhere rip How goes your climb Roberta? lol just lol 200 more mmr I knew I shouldn't hav ranked in season 1.... are you guys going to play ow /something? 'I'm down o.O you playing ranked in league? lol srsly cow road to redemption you mean road to ff worth wow no chat... rip wow no chat rip rip hi rudy how are you? rip hi Zain how do you? eating That's nice. How about you Who was casey U tell us Where did Tannuo go yo rudy/tony where is the pic of me getting rekt probably waiting for you to pick him up Who the heck is this shaggy guy Looks like a hobo that is rudy Ahhhhhhh Rudy that pic is too low res lemme try again one wu linked us saved it as regreats were made got it so league? i'm down we need more people to suffer with us any takers for suffering? otherwise we can always ow kow Yee Reague is too painful And only cow is a masochist ?!?!!?1 whoa you should read how much we bm'd wu on facebook LOOOOOL why was I not invited wu's fault yep instantly two responses of i agree straight up good ol fashioned shit talk actually we should have also shit talk robert cuz he was supposed to be there LOL just a fewhours Shh few hurs later Just one more hour wu obessivly calling robert one more hour oh btw rudy don't u owe me money on that I bet that he wouldn't show we split the soup no? (thanks Roberta) When we were walking into Tony's house sure y not be a tannuo yeah that soup was 20 bucks you owe us 5 bucks ^ best soup yee hi whered u go to eat? we should go to one of these for wu's birthday YE let's do it whens his birthday? LOL oh boy robert YOU DIDNT EVEN SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO HIM? gg... gg it was yesterday robert truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu no I didn't lol yeah why we were hanging out on the weekend ... so ow XD or league? simon will u play league? nah im good half a sleep right now g'night rip lel pce simon feeling better? nite simon can't handle waking up early like tony -.- ez solution don't sleep good nite andre lol I feel like your new skype photo displays your reaction to this group of friends that you talk to gg gg so ow? down no ow? Jhins W - Deadly Flourish no longer plays Jayces Q - Shock Blast audio on cast if both champions are in the same game played for 2 hours geeezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz toni some of us have to sleep man Dis tony so late to the party wassup boyz like I swear overwatch trolls me only legendary skins I've pulled are tanks LOL worth play tanks all day LOL seems like it ikr plz do it legit why I started playing harambe game of some sort? anyone else down for ow? tony? cow nd ir  on probably play one than grab food I dunno man ubisoft is pretty crap then again all of those games are pretty lit tilted why so tilt we won some how LOL tilted they were that bad we won LOL were they how else did we win? but yeah I slept 4 hours at 2 ish so I cant sleep now ZZ LOL overwatch? wait go path time to die on path hypeee on a new character naw old char gg has like 40 chaos worth of gear rip 70 levels and 3 days only? please spend more on character pretty cheap build eh? nvm cant play path lagg how bad? 1799 ping make an ew character ez well path server reset gonna take like 15  inutes bet your making soup always making soup poe? always poe get on LOL skype redownloaded it?; ow? cow ow sorry had a dentist appotinment GGGGGGGGGGGG and then everyone dipped LOL where's Zain/toxic/soup I mean snake/ toxic/ soup and /chained #whoknows #loners4lyfe dude you forgot the soup hashtag why you freget soup hashtag ? first you forget his birthdya now you forget his soup #Robert things ow anyone? kk leggo eating reip HEY i didn't respond leggo and never play ^ XD what Robert didn't say anything so ai assume afk LOL lol communication skills op says the only one who isn't on ggggggggggg I am on LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL i wanted  entertainment TY CARRY gg SUPPORT OP all tht practice on road hog is paying off ya man tracer gotta protect that roadhog looks like I was made to be a hooker time to ranked? hi time to watch the wu lose LOL RIUO LOL straight up walk off a clif lol first time playing him trying it riuo? rudy I'm u off? wtf you smoking riuo boyz? anyone down for ow? I'll pass how was food yoooo cow went to Asian wok and roll pretty good hows ur assignment so asian ? but good lol 17 bucks per person not bad oh yeah whaty ou get? chicken lollipops sweet beef and some fried lice wtf are chiken lollipops o.O its a way to peel some of the meat off a drumstick so its all gathered at the end so you were too lazy to eat a drumstick basically.... LOL seems good something I would get looks over priced so what I'm hearing is you pay ppl to trim the meat off for you and they charge you more? WAIT THEY CHARGE YOU MORE FOR LESS? did you atleast get wu to pay well Zain treated wu lel WTF LOL why cause he owes him money? still? cha ching give the man 50 bucks damn yep didn't he? Robert just drives up to people's houses and takes money tony like holds them by the neck each time you hang out gg which is worse rudy because hes still doing his assignment shots fired how was 2 player cod because more htan 2 is too hard to program in dude that game holy crap I have never lsot so hard in any game ever... this includes my first game on league o>O what you were on live? yeah kk I sleep nite gg paid 50? naw free 2week trial LOL g'night nite simon u ain't in uni anymore plus we got tony some soup so hella worth 100/100 would be the new recruit Wi doesn't care since zain will pay for it How much you still owe him lol Did you get him popcorn? I got him a new recruit so I think we cool Gg but if I do my math correctly, I still owe him around $95 What soup you get him i think he got egg corn soup oh wu is going to china day after Nah debts is forgiven Needs more soup always soup League of New Recruits 100/100 Times Not enough soup in the title League of New Soups 100/100 Times no no we need recruits You the new recruit? Gg want to ow? a bit Fortune cookie has spoken You the new soup/chained recruit? You the new soup/recruit? 100/100 craziness lol roberta just had 3 good games as widow he lies I was there to witiness badness i was the hero like he did nothing saw him never scrub lord carry more please sup soup ow? sure Are you the New Recruit?!?!? Join discord I am the new recruit. new recruit? You the new recruit? no I am not the new recruit but you are the new recruit Rudy is the new recruit so what are you up to tony are you 'packing' yeah also need to go to lcbo to buy wine for parntes parents cool lol zain kk I am off to do new recruit duties good luck. New recruit. soup duties ye caoo The hated album^, some songs were pretty good Brendan's Death Song and this one for example Raindance Maggie was also pretty good so new recruits hows It going good you guys wann aplay something always pick yer poison ok ow 3v3? gg hows soup DOWN lol SO FUCKIN DOWN disc0rd yo holy shit I need winter tires yeah man legit drifted turning left at 15km ZZZ so bad I told you zzz LOL Fast & Furious: Toniyah Drift can I have a link? i lost it when i purged my internet you guys still playing ow everyone dipped i'ma go eat soon guys overwatch? kk get on? eating soup anyone down for ow sure lets play ow Did u every figure out y ur lagging Tannuo lol Yo Zain 1v1 me as mccree today later If I put in 20 hours of work and I still suck I'm going to change mains lol robert you would rek me mcree and widow are 2 totally different sensitivities because scoping changes the FOV 20h is nothing once u hit 2000h and you still suck then you have a problem so you saying I should quit league but cow you are the only good player left on our team nope tony is the only reason we lost that game when you were ezreal is because you made mistakes all I do is feed feed ALL DAY if we lose solely the games where you make a mistake ? nope I feed all day er day like I got fed as lucian and did nothing gg sounds like me every game gg hey cow I tried going into a practice game of ow but I seem to be lagging hard server issue or just me? You've been infected by tannuo You Are The New Recruit oh yeah lemme check for yah it's k now sorry kinda blanked out, had to mem meme want to play one game before I eat? wanna join me in bots just messing around discord? already there Hi Seto Tannuo Welcome Online. What are you up to? studying, 1 more exam tomorrow then done oh dang good luck man thanks what are you studying for? econometrics nice, I actually know what that is i google'd it the other day is it fun? no because you have to use R to code the statistical models and I suck at coding That' sick man It's a really good skill to have I wanna learn that too soon thanks Yo when u come back Tannuo I'm down to hang On tony ofc cause he will be back too GL tannuo good luck tannou yo anyone wanna ow? other than tannuo who will be studying he can multi task RUDY I KNOW WHY YOU PLAY THE MIDGET/TOBLERONE HE IS SO MUCH FUN LOL turret guy so fun LITERALLY CAMP IN CORNER AND SMACK UR TURRET step 1: smack at turret Step 2? Step 3  ALL THE PROFITS step 4 sometimes press e, when you remember that's a skill yep xD or you die and use it for yourself and than randomly your armour pack has been used and you're like yeeeeeeee helping smack that's how toberlone does smack smack smack elimination *5 press q some times when you feel like it Dude the hammer does same dmg as Reinhardt lol So go ult and smack ppl for mad dmg dude hammer with ulti is op Fking jks more retarded than genji You know what, you should watch me play genji, its legendarily bad rudaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai eyyyyyyyyyy 1 v 1 robert rudai v robert nah Zain v Robert. harambe battle than widow than mcree than baston final tie breaker will be sombra by scaring Robert with your e do it never DO IT perfefct line up leggo boyz ow? ow anyone tomorrow lel rly na h ill pass rip forgot to get vpns again ggggggggg u has interwebs? rip have a fun trip TOLD YOU HE WAS RICH IN CHINA WHO HAS INTERWEBS IN CHINA? who knows lol rly rick bastards tan u done exams? anyone down to farm ow boxes later get dat Christmas shiz whats a good 40dollar ish pc game Depends on the genre any pc game cept civ civ 2? ez pz path is free ^ and that hero's storm game for the genji skin is free I was thinking more like... witcher 3 >.> pathhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh or phantom pain HOLY SHIT WU IS ALIVE hi wu hi PATH? LOL SO RICH HAS INTERNET AND VPN OP WU do u nee da vpn? you mean path great way of writing path lol totally didn't get a vpn just to test if I can path path is life life is path witcher 3 won't run well on most computers on your toaster Robert, your gpu might explode I mean your heating unit* my laptop isn't that bad actually my laptop == bad I think its my interwebs laptop == bad. dude I hav a G960 LOL laptop not bad good one or whatever the hell nividia gc you do know my interwebs is shit all mobile gfx cards have this little M sign afterwards which basically means it's shit except the new line of nvidias stuffed into a laptop those are beasts take wu's pc he doesn't need it ^ ZZ MIGHT AS WELL PUT IT TO GOOD USE naww mining bit coin at home right See this thing It's garbage LOL real wu tony gold digging They snake you by putting a good model number like a GTX 960 which is a decent gfx card new line is the 1070 1060 1080 but you're getting the MOBILE version lol oooooooooooooooo... well I can handle black flag so I'm not complaining too hard dling path right now hypeee NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M with 3GB GDDR5 so anyways Robert u wanna play overwatch? maybe even cow can join down there's a patch oh that champ has been reworked ya some new skins the zenyatta one is fking amazing LMAO it is the harambe one is pretty epic too harambe is ok in all srsness I'm gonna buy reaper or McCree if I don't roll it by jan those r actually nice phara isn't bad so lit reaper one is epic the roadhog is so nice LOL roadhog TURRET DUDE torb is ok sym is so bad and the other bad one is tracer man glad and lucio I didn't spend money yet I hav 800 almost have 1k u cant get legendaries tho those r so expensive ? even purp is so expensive damn shame event skins r normal price how much are xmas skins x3 so if 250 its now 750 legendary is 3000 so gl wtf why u tell me please buy us all loot boxes better use of $40 bucks for you I cant take tonys job if I do whats he gonna do? breath and eat? sounds good both ways, get loot boxes u getting on cow? nah eating than studying than eating LOL YOU SHOULD 10/10 buy scrooge mccree fitting ^ What r u guys doing I'm so fn bored playing overwatch, wu's in china downloading path Oh yea Overwaych is LAme wow you're lame I'm so bored tho 3(((((( and to think wu was going buy everyone overwatch Lmao yo Zain  a game of overwatch before I go study? rip time to buy 40 boxes cow I can see it alredy YOU BUYING US  ALL BOXES? no gtfo you are buying us boxes hypeee well I got you one, its in your inventory already gg LOL pls cow i'm so genrous 0/10 has faith WOWOWOWO zero faith tony don't be a jew treat your friends well and giv e boxes says the jew that didn't give anyone boxes he got me a box I got  Zain a box Zain got Robert a  box WHATTTT all we need is you to get us all boxes ^ Robert bought someone something xactly damn I don't know the world anymore time to buy a box for simon gg tony most genrous buying overwatch for someone else LOL what or ultimate troll buys loot box has no game yeee worth for eventually simon buys ow Robert: i want that nutcracker wtf nutcracker is so cool throws walnuts I should just go home join discord? link sec oh yea nice pay  guess ^ welp discord dosnt work in china rip even through a vpn? impressive lol Tony = new recruit? raza = unchained with battlecry The New Recruits Raza, The New Chained Recruits The New Recruits never happy always sad Raza, The New Chained Recruit with battlecry Tony the Skumbag + Recruits theres a link that shows you how much money you spent on rp on league Tony the Skumbag + Recruits+chained raza with battlecry The New Recruits Raza the chained with battlecry: are you the new recruit? The New Recruits I think you need to work harder on fixing your vpn issues -.- stop changing it raza [8:13:43 PM] *** Raza the chained with battlecry: are you the new recr refuse The New Recruits Raza the chained with battlecry: are you the new recruit to fix my vpn The New Recruits Raza the chained with battlecry... wait why are you chained? sketch... anybro wanna game of ow? The New Recruits LMAO I like that one Robert xD OH MAN LOL slicing and dicing memes The New Recruits of Raza the chained, the wall buster hi rudi hi zain whats up Nothing much just chilling feeling kinda lazy the sorta too lazy to game lazy watch wu play through vpn I WOULD if only raza would step up his game next time man next time if only raza was unchained never this time I am confused regarding his chained status Think he's unchained with tony releases his wild side ^ rudy why do u always go there ; (noice) dunno (exposing) so what r u up to eating LOL So what are you up to? just finished eating nomz 3 what a guy you just jelly anyone for ow? holy shit have u guys seen that PSG league video I read the comments and they're all like 10/10 production value and I thought they were being sarcastic but jeezzzzzzzzzz louis they have a better 1 min short than most actual movies and i'll pass on ow atm too sleepy meh lol man that coldplay song is stuck in my head that solo piano verson one? yea And though you might be gone, and the world may not know, still I see you, celestial The New Recruits wutang -.- Good luck and I don't mean that in a sinister Taken sort of way well it won 't be fun but will you be free aftwards? more or less just have a project writeup and some assembly to write ltho will go back to Pakistan next saturday dayum don't fly pia turkish brother is flying pia tho :/ isn't that like a really bad idea right now? xD anyways focus on your exams chat later good luck yep cya ereone busy today? HahHAhaHAHahHAHahHAhahHAHhahAHhaHA Wth lol someone fix raza he broke I think it was the chains screw you Robert. wha so mad and chained i heard rudy caught your chain syndrome raza All the chains does that mean you are still chained or unchained with battlecry now He got unchained and now rudy is chained Don't even know what you're talking about but its unchained alistar no? just going to leave this here LOL yeah i linked him that like 3 years ago still funny I saw it on a billboard in the acc rudy b famous so have u played league on the Chinese server? nope haven't touched any games ova here lies actually you are right i playe some hearthstone liess grid is free on humble bundle nope the only game i could play here sad life what about LEAGUE lol nope don't have the internet or comp to handle did league game also forgot my mouse at my grand parents house GG 10/10 tony rip lol when you coming back? 24th GG WAS RIGHT you still driving your bro on Christmas eve at 3am? think so zzz LUL you should call him a cab and bill him 50% admin fee you should call him an uber and just charge it to his card he has a kid with a kid seat :\ you could prob get the cab company to provide one people with kids have to take cabs too you know nah they have no lives they have kids common wu so cow league ? carry me? pliz? lol tony I played adc with these guys a few days back forgot I swapped out my mouse pad and I'm like yo fucking adc is so hard I don't get it, I can't do anything sounds like a normal adc My mouse was overshooting everytime I clicked because the surface on the new mousepad is some low friction shit lol so you getting a new mousepad? nah think i'll try reducing my dpi to 600 csgo player is that you? rip ow LOL sure if you want who else do we have to drag down to elohell with us simon still busy i assume I'm at dinner so I can't be the fifth ball and chain tru tru how about u tony carry from china? mind be feeding lol you are right i can spectate from china as long as I am not the only one feeding I'm being fed . simon leagu? raza leagu? tony leagu? Sure tony leagu. raza coming? ok.. LOLOLOLOLOL do u guys know a girl called kammy from high school One year older no.....but why nite simon She trolled eric so hard Remeber him lol whut happened Wait you talked to people in high school ? Damn Mr. Social compared to me its 9 am how you awake cow and how was your test Had to move shit Woke up at 6 30 Missed something pretty obvioux And not too sure about mc Not too bad other than that How's your last few days in China Did you buy everyone white Rabbit candy Heard zain loves it LOL naw Gg sad life So how's weight lifting And getting fat I GOT SO FAT Holy shit so jealous =/ Oh yeah how's the weather? Knock on wood it's going finally be a white christmasf err its shit so much smog legit the desolation of smag over here Yeah hate going back You need to wear a gas mask And get air filters simon alive ohh hype Omw to work rn Last day of Q4..loving it Q4? It's a business term cow 4th quarter? Oh quaternary Quarter Busy season is finally ovee Hype Been bad? I'm basically going to work to chill and drink today Yeah lol that sounds fu fun Yep Gg so jealous me too, but at least I can ask for alcohol on the plane so at least I got that going for me Lol wu going first class naw normal still gets shots, but its just like shitty smirnoff Which airline? air canada You drink on  the plane???? Wtf ?? what on the way here I chugged 3 shots together and slept for like 4hours So rich zzz its free whut Rudy it's included LoL O.o it is yeah you can ask for white/red wine too and beer like bud light your fav Yup Why not drink wine Rudy missed out Sad life Rudyusonoob Sigh in real life Red wine usually sucks and white wine taste like water Fair enough yeah but its shitty airplane stuff, everything is crap so just get drunk and pass out right but cow I had pk duck today and braised pork belly so full Wu drinks on the airplane to hit on the stewardess Holy fuck no he passes out Wu living like a king Lol LOL Uhh Lmao Lol gg Nah I wanna see the whole world burn I'll be nice Aw come on XD It's the holidays Watch they already read the convo Cow the life saver Lol Good guy rudy The Freezing New Recruits plus Chains wtf y u all up so early anyways so kammy and eric were in a group project together for some class and she hated him cause he was mad cocky and didn't do shit so she cut in in the middle of their presentation and on the credits slide she put a good for nothing section and put his name under it fkingsavage Can you high five her for me That's amazing lmao wtf Are both these people like 10 years old? xD ahaha kinda reminds me of my friend nauman He's super lazy but like genius level smart My friends all formed a capstone group together and almost Appendix B'd him (kicked from team) I remember being in a group with him once, was fucking hilarious XD I know some crazy ppl lol but in her defence he was mad cocky that's the real question Sometimes you just gotta sit back and let yourself get carried #SupportLyfe nyone down for a quick ow game rip noones on and can't feel rms rms? whats a rms? arms ?? even more confused now yo I have the riend challenge on hs, anyoe? also tannuo you still path or no no lol did you die yes with binos? not with the binos though I have a 71 still but blade flurry is so boring LOL its pretty fun if you have enough dps ad atk speed got a legendary skin not a xms one rip at least still legendary tony when's your flight back to canada how did you not get what rudy was saying? :/ err today will get back tomorrow at 6 y whats up just wondering lol how long did you even stay in china, is it worth the jet lag no def not worth the jet lag but yeah 12 days oo nice have a safe trip Rip isn't Pakistan internet. Shitty safe trip ow anyone oh in a middle of one discord? yeah oh simon happy birthday! ereone went to sleep? naice hb simon happy birthday simon so is the skumbag home? and happy birthday simon and safe travels raza skumbag? where r u skumbag? Happy birthday simon! ty guys aye birthday agent doing anything special today? ye was workign wow til now lame you should go out with friends go drinking well I'm done so I got that going LOL u should ow with us and ereone buy him 10 boxes so he can do a massive unboxing Simon can't play ow gives him a headache no ty for ow oooo..... first person shooter syndrome? he can't play fps in general hav u tried vr yet now that shit givrs headaches he could main reinhart tru or toblerone we need a reinhardt just play with turrets all day not torb doe ow anyone? cow? Tannuo? in a bit maybe I just got 5 free loot boxes wtf op SICK 2 legendaries blizzard thx for not being cheap for once and giving gifts lol oh I should check mine wow free boxes? also guys drawful 2 is free on twitch prime we should play it some time join disc0rd Airports suck kk sec sorting some hit out . . . . ?? discord link? you guys seem to not be in that channel rip did you guys all leave? ditched gg no lol ereone ditched cow and i sad life here in terraira figure out prime tannou and where'd wu go prob slepe always sleep anyways merry Christmas guys night! nice sleeping lol shuuuu Robert :  I miss my unicorn, that shit is so sexy Robert unicorn man confirmed hey simon what are you up to merry Christmas everyone merry Christmas boise nothing much want to do a skumbags league game to celebrate maybe in a bit Merry christmas! sure sooo we doing ti I'm down but the rest of the skum is gone I thinks so maybe tomorrow? yeah prob good idea gg g'night WHATS GOING ON TMRW? tony r u planning something party at tannous Sick Down LMFAO I thought everyone was down to hang out on 28th I thought u were planning something I was in china ... how do I plan dis Cow lied to me lol yo let's do something at tony's hi tony LOL hi on the 28th right? yo I almost revealed your secrets to lucy when she was on your account ?? damn yeah I know right why you tell her dis >:C I didn't i'm like yo 0 faith tony is playing a lot of midlane LOL XD Tony 1 trick lux? Plays Syndra & Oriana now? confirmed Actually does work on Ez nah NAHHH theres a reason I am in silver 1 LMFAO disc0rd merry Christmas guys Zain you around? yo come on discord everyone gg'd so quick dayum That's what happens when there is no Zain to carry pliz i'm the team cheerleader with motivational phrases such as rip and next time yo btw robert I was playing with sean yesterday and it matched us in a game with 2 streamers Ooo that's who they carried us one of them was a Reaper only OTP Wow I wish I was carried Can we make Tannuo better only if you can import tryndamere into the game so what's up guys how are you enjoying your Christmas g morning hi you all want to league or ow? Lol wow simon why you laughing After dinner yes rip no? next time where is tony-ah TONYAH jry lshh? jet lag? oh tru guys we should play Avalon or Werewolf yes no yo Zain you have the soup picture right it's on fb i'm too lazy go upload it to the group nah you upload it to the group I'm lazier than u nah that would be wu I'm back whats up ayy just chilin eating atm play later? kk k my mom gave me toblerone for  xxmas I THINK ITS A SIGN lol OTP incoming who were the streamers I dunno you have the vod to the game they played with u nope one was like chickfox something and the other was gamercube followed by some number lol so no name people streaming casual overwatch to 2 viewers ye THAT COULD BE YOU it's the first time I've been in an overwatch game where people were using the in-game comms and actually working together it was amazing 3 hour video we gotta find where supppy is found it about 2h in aww shit Zain on twitch I remember like 4 years ago I was in a league game with colbycheeze on stream I hope they shit talk you like they did tannuo I remember that was a thing so I'm 2hrs into the vod I see someone's name is kawaiimango is that sean no he is vocaloid nyan Wtf go on steam to be bmd lol That doesn't sound fun I think we won every game this stream is pretty dumb barely but we won LOL to be fair sean was like lvl 3 LOL this person is so excited that we are actually winning the enemy team had prestiges on it probs Zain i was on discord with sean just listening in and playing support every game didn't really do anything but heal these guys Gg that good guy Zain Games never change the support mains r most popular lol, can we just surrender, plox i remember that these idiots were 1v6 diving their team XD ya this streamer was pretty bad the other guy the guy playing reaper was carrying kk ready to play yeah she did nothing ya I'm down league or ow? ow simon ya there? sup well if simon's there lets play league with him then once he's tilted we go to ow k let's play a quick game of afk farm jungle then ult enemy adc every time it's up i'm on disc0rd discord with a fucking zero Tell me when u move onto ow Il join up grats Still leaguing? Robert league? we cant OW or we ditch nk Stil at cousins So it's k so simon and raza are still around ? how was your flight raza? meh oh merry Christmas btw a little late but better late than never sleep mask was a tad on the tight side and my face hurts as a result but otherwise uneventful watched the ffxv movie, was meh internet here is a lot worse than I was led to believe yep, happy holidays! LOL you should have known better about the sleep mask? or the movie? or the internet? I'm guessing internet actually apparently the shittyness is new wow u boyz don't sleep lol it's like noon here I don't know why i'm awake I woke up at 10am this morning last morning lol that's weird living in PST maybe? mm soft lol you guys still awake? gg ye damn Zain why you no sleep bunch of night owls well apparently I am jetlag slept for 2 hours and woke up I dunno actually don't know how I'm awake have you tried to sleep yet? No, but you would think that's a good starting place Alright boys, I'm headed to sleep kk night nite Good night fellas The mang who doesn't sleep lol phew that was a long sleep #worth u just woke up? wow a little bit ago about 20 min back 9h wassup lets do some 3s to start the day still need 3 more wins before reset for maximum boxes but tannuo that's cray our league synergy > ow synergy LOL I don't think that's totally true synergy isn't bad its the aiming that we need to work on lol down for 3's doe nah I think it's mostly synergy I wish overwatch had a minimap cant see shit like if I'm walking straight and you guys decide to turn a corner I cant tell I think we lack strategy as well easy with league because its birds eye view give me a lil bit dude we need to commuincate specifically so tired of BEHIND ME that's what I mean Behind me when i'm playing ana should be obvious where I'm standing as Ana will be behind the entire team It should be kind of obvious Like when you guys say behind me or to my right I always know where you're talking about because I just assume you're playing around the objective it's fine in payload and king of the hill maps but not in 3s because the map is so mirrored and small calling areas much easier and looking for the allied indicator is just too difficult its small as hell and color isn't that obv Then don't look for your allied indicator know where your allies are and your allies should be in logical positions lol like reinhart will be in front of the team reaper will always be on a flank sounds easy but u find a good position to poke genji/tracer will always be solo rotating cause they flanking like dude the battlefield changes trust you can do it u can theorize all uwant but in real life its never gonna be like that theres a reason that u call areas in cs go lol... but in that case you can argue that there's no value in strategizing at all csgo it's easier to call areas because the maps are smaller and each section is distinctly designed And there's a minimap for reference as well tru lol I thnk most of the ow maps are decently designed but 3's is pretty mirrored and hard to call il give u that they're designed to enable flanks every place in ow has like 3-5 flank routes csgo you can really only come from 1 of 2 (or in some cases 3) places and even then the actually entry point is like a door way or a narrow corridor/alley Like let's say you're on A on dust2 they can come from ct spawn, cat or long A and you've usually got someone watching mid so you get that knowledge early so one person is specifically waiting hey Tannuo have you seen mob psycho 100? lol tan where u go calls for 3's I'm here leaves u didn't reply to Zain so I thought u dipped lol whoops ow? anyone need boxes? ok Zain want in yeah I can play now discord do u guys mind if I go make some coffee will be a few min tannuo what's a crap show to watch? Go watch sailor moon Or card captures so guys wanna do something Sure Suggestions ? I thought you were out to see a movie Just finished assassins creed O.o It's so confusing aren't you like gonna hang out with your friends afterwards? xD nah justl ike with tannou, he uses than discards Literally just one friend and his dad And mad rainy today anyways you went to the movies with your friends dad? o.O Yep we cool nice He wants to play assassins creed now haha XD Mb u shud all crash Tony's Rn tony is probably too busy being tony atm we already at wu's where are you? dayum LEAGUO? downeszo kk going play a overwatch game while I wait for you guys WOW LOL SKUM MATERIAL tony, a new recruit has stepped up nah we take forever to group up really start during mid to late game this is all early game kk see you on overwatch why don't we just play overwatch, the strictly better game but tannuo, killing adc?! sorry but even that gets boring what whered da simon go league anyone? reague of regends? wow tony is alive !!! TONY AH hey new recruit eh I wanna play a lazy game lol yo drawful is free if you have twitch prime we should play that some time i don't have twitch prime get a free trial for amazon prime? then free twitch prime anyone want to do something tmrw? robert come on chat wassup boyz anyone down for a game? err which also have we decided on a time tmro ow? yes we do lol rnt u supposed to be at work lol I finished work gg already o.o yeah so we can board games tonight if you guys want sick I also got tabletop simulator but we need at least 4 people for my haunted houseboard game Tannuo is prbly down cow ? I still got a bit of a cough :\ but like 90% better don't really want to get you guys sick though u weren't coughing when we were playing terraria btw I got some meteorite for u yeah so was not coughing last night aat all rudy you need to have honey lemon NEXT TIME still waiting for you 3 times a day for 3 days, cold/cough/sorethroat gone you can bring some 2 punch combo anyways ya I have to go to a dinner tonight but could be free afterwards around 8:30pm or 9 wtf is with that echo rip what echo I joined your call for like 5 seconds and I heard 5 billion echoes my speaker almost died oh yeah imuted the guy sai-yum guy yeah I just ripped man LOL rudy I just played the most intense hs game did you win using the heart of the cards? yeah heart of the cards finally won me the game 10 turns after I needed it so guys game? u not at work? nope got back a few h ago nice ow? we should go to tonys house and ow reduces my internet bill LOL ye tony watch arena draft? in game right now my prince malchezaar hunter only went 5 wins I am at 4 0 right now the preist I am facing is legit wtf I was facing 5-2 warlock implosions enforcers ragnaros and malganis like what O.o o.O so are we doing something today? if so, how does that affect tomorrow's plans? LOL idk lets consult facebook 10/10 planning alright in that case I will boycott today and just come tomorrow and then the tomorrow plan will flop too and I'll get to be lazy for two day smwahaha tannuo you already draft? yeah also ow? come on am on discord? hey guys hey we goin? I donno Zain said 8:30-9 wheres cow rob I'm free anytime I can walk there now lol what just hitch a ride its so cold out na snow melted not that bad anymore Robert said dinner 1 hr rudy said he watching youtube lol I don't turst robert just ask cow OW? rip didn't see this still need a ride? ye, you going now? soon 5 minites you ready to go? yeah you can come now Robert here? Here Lol Omw now kk so we meeting up at 11? simon you ok with that? yes yep And apprently tannuo is down to cook lasagna 0/0 0/0 = 100% 0/0 --> +/- infinity Nah math things Tannuo would know where is tannuo lai Ow terrerria tell me when you guys are coming / prepping to come woke up like 20 min ago gimme a bit Can we go Anyone want timmies y yeah get me xl triple triple I can make tea for you guys if you want Oooo free tea but I want a sausage breakfast sand Zzzz thanks cow! Omw waddap damn ppl are already doing things i'm going to be lazy and come over at my own pace~ Kk you do yoy The Flopping, Glass-breaking, Freezing New Recruits with no ID +Chains sup boyz aye ow? w8t on cow wow did I get home before cow no washrorom op NOPE I WIN kk hes the werewolf gg cows on ow? i'm on and ignored alright soz I hav to go lol might be back in 30 40 if ur still here nooope g'night say hi to faith for us >.> ffine don't say hi u can c how much  itrust u all 100% eh you're pretty scummy yourself only to sensitive raza I think tony is rubbing off on Robert - rudy Still awake? headin to sleep now Pce Forgot to say faith said hi to u all earlier lol nice give her our regards anyways, i'm off to sleep goodnight recruits Pce any one u p for a game guys rip ow? league? farcry? you cant multi farcry right yeah you can apparently up to four ohhh coop mission? apprently? not too sure dont think there is coop in farcry so game wu? sure what do you want discord? k ow? farcry has 2 play coop I think in the latest one one of the previous games had 4 players ow? cow I think u got me sick rip GG ?? you don't get sick that fast tho wait there were like 3 people sick sore throat GG WHY BLAME ME I feel it I GAVE YOU LEMON 100% cow ALL YOU NEED IS HONEy rip don't have honey or lemon NEXT TIME NEXT TIMEEEEEE I also had sore throat at the end of the day cow..... ............................. patient zero cow legit did not bhave soree throat at all when sick so your own damn fault >: ( all I had was a cough >: ( #nofaith FINE DONT BELEIVE ME good yoyo which app u guys using to chat discord download or go online click on the link stan downloaded ok stepstone stan can you add me press the add button on the app on the left and then press join and type in the link or just click the link aha im in click the terry and me or if u really dont wanna do the cleaning u can help some poor helpless disabilities for their papers lol LMFAO hf bro on my way to hell fk that course what's everyone up to just came back from eating nm LOL if anyone of you have ever played Elder Scrolls xD Tan u rnt banned off ur comp? you guys wanna play some good ol fashioned VIDEO GAMES ya HYPE rip Which one why rip cuz brbs Ggez gg let's play 7 days to exile league of terrariwatch: starving offensive with chains ow? k I'm a little bit drunk so ill be trolling you sound like tony Tony doesn't need to be drunk Roberta ow? Naw pater Later lol Literally the funniest video ever game anyone? anyone alive? i hlelo hello* anyone for a classic game of el leaguerino? group went mia tony went to party We don't need a group sure and we don't need a tony Though good for you tony robret is dipped too gg simon isn't even this call anymore Problem solved nope why is Sai-Yum randomly sitting inside our disc0rd channel who is Sai-Yum? Robert's friend why is he just randomly in the disc0rd group cow can you join and see if he's actually there no do it! just jjoin the terry one join that one the one tannou is sitting there and creeping? Still up? Robert Why is your friend randomly sitting in our disc0rd group he's been there for like  hours now 5* I don't think he knows how to leave u can kick him if u want lol I will observe him. remember the technologically inept one that's him lol oh. Good Morning Tony & Raza & Robert So yeah guys, everyone is complaining on reddit about how weak adc is I told you the Trynd-Leona strat was lit u think they will rework again? lol last 2 days has literally been just people bitching about it XD  just videos of syndra pressing r and poppy laughing while the adc attacks her the funny thing is tho if adcs go out of flavour so will assassins and then we'll all enter the real tank meta good afternoon yo happy new year not there yet 24 minutes soon young padawan nothing will change except getting closer to trump's presidency That's not true, we are also one step closer towards dying from global warming TRUE and just individual death in general yay passage of time that's the optimistic spirit how's your new years eve going so far? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm That's a good question Trying to meet up with one of my friends (Timmy!) but he's busy so I sad. I did homework -.- That's pretty good You'll have less hw later because you did more hw now final project deadline got extended to new years so doesn't really  apply I guess well you're done now rite? probably That sentence was kinda awkward to read ow anyone? nah I r out getting my homework from last semester done fkkkkkkk ggggg feels bad mang sign that sucks no more 3's till blizzard patchis this stupid glitch the one where fking mei just becomes invincible ? everyones abusing this bulshit where u can leave the map as mei and still shoot others fking annoying LOL I'm so done with 3's thill this is over fking hell ? but you can't die to it unless u walk into the room if u face one of theses u can never win and do u want to stand around forever lol so worst case you just draw remember u don't switch sides so this can go on forever.... well yeah, but honestly it's not that bad it would be bad if they could remain outside the map and kill you anywhere it basically just forces a stalemate if one person decides to do it I guess if the other team is losing 0-2 they could do this and never get an 'official' loss but there's really no value in doing that xD man u seem to think ow is populated by saints or something lol well whateves hello good bye hi tony how are you? hi I am good you? ??? what sort of question lol LOL better thatn goodbye psh said who I heard you went out partying last night tony what I went to sleep cuz I was tired cause drunk >.> don't lie i am not robert pls i don't get drunk after 2 beers LOL bm did you guys see the shooting in instabul no O.o damn rip soo what are you up to tony falling asleep nice might go to sleep soon you: nothing just chilling reking people at ow? its new years eve you don't have anything to do like family stuff nah I suck gg pls LOL you're going to sleep i had family stuff i dipped because i was going to sleep haha that's why i have to sleep O.o True. kk nite! gnite So 1 hour and 20 minutes till 2017 for you guys yep rip tony at another party paty all day ^ Rudai you lie Your tony is at another party? Ending 2016 w lies what please have not seen wu on path all day what else does he do instead of path/gamee club ^ and soup tisk tisk rudy you think too low of tony even though he is tony ok what else does he do on his free time >: ( he goes to the gym he has soup he works at DQ he works at an electrical company he probably tinders people and hits on girls at gym all of this is time consuming stuff man i'd say that last item takes up a good 90% of his non-gaming time tought he stops going to the gym KIK LOL* but fair kik so whati leanred is he has soup and takes agirl out on dates at a soupe shop trying to find the right one and wu does ave tinder this makes sense story checks out R u guys at a party? lol nope I am chilling at home I'm at dt Mistake. Simon confirmed has a life wAIT I would rather stay home lol SIMON HAS A LIFE? Ggs what a day to be alive who you chilling with o.o isn't it raining? Nope not raining Happy New Years guys Happy new years! (on the proper time) have fun actually having a life in the new years simon Happy new years!! Rip the Simon U guys should get out more ....... vote kick Robert Ggggggg Yes so wat are u guys up to other than robert Happy new years thanks raza, you too Happy new year lads lads? when did you become british From this year nice That's an interesting resolution terraria/ow anyone? we should play a game of league to celebrate tru First tilt of the new year hey people hi hows it goign alright sup hi tony how are you? Aren't you supposed to be skiing? skiing? or snowboarding yeeeee lets go I can't feel my legs but lets go ??? you posted that article yest. yeah wu posted that article ok whats up that's not me just some reddit article I thought you had a legitimate excuse for wanting to go to sleep early Turns out you're just lame LOL I didn't even read the article XD I just posted it for the article name LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL REAL WU rip I THOUGHT YOU WERE LIKE SUPER OP SNOWBOARDER TURNED ROGUE and why you slept through your alarm for a exam gg cow when am I goingn to pick you up? might be going downtown to see Voldemort today Voldemort? yes HYPE games around 3:30~ ish so no rush you mean he who shall not be named yes WHY YOU NO INVITE TANNOU You mean Seto Kaiba? yeee he who shall not be named is like kaiba's hero also whos voldy here you go sanjay got a new watch? damn say hi for me Might be seeing him tomorrow for some hang outs plus Squash squash rip naww busy tmro at work it's okay I'm really bad he can third wheel Like if you can't beat me, you should just give up on the gym bro It's not adding any value what? Unlike ping pong it actually requires you to be physically fit what pingpong is tireing after about an hour of squash I can't move my arm oh its like tennis yeah also your ass is super sore for like 3 days after from what I heard yeah, and you're sore in like random places Tennis involves more running though I'd say tennis is harder But squash is very... like bursts of speed I guess whereas Tennis less burst and more consistent running tennis is pretty bursty too yeah but just in terms of ball travel time it has to go over a longer area back and forth whereas in squash it goes about half the distance (probably less since the court size is way smaller) before the next shot but the court is also smaller less places to run that is also true, which is why it is just bursts of speed It's like when you watch it, it looks pretty easy But when you're playing it like the fourth or fifth shot into something like this you'd be done Then again, I suck at Squash so I'm not really one to say just say bullshitty things that sounds correct no one here can correct you because we are lazy wow this game lasts so long I cant even tell if they get a point or not that 2 min was for 1 point wow you get a point if the opponent hits it out of bounds (outside the yellow lines around top of the front wall and side walls) or if it bounces twice on the ground wall does not count as a bounce guessing you cant hit the ball the other way that would be jokes you can hit it any way kk rudy getting rdy to go why not troll and hit other way as long as it hits the front wall at least once on your return so you can play it off the back wall to the front wall if you have enough strength but it's easier just to go straight off the front wall The side wall can get you some snakey shots but because it bounces once off a wall it also loses momentum so it's easier to return uhh shit gimme 10 miniutes Lol address? So totally did not get stalled by parents 3607 steeple chase cres ow anyone what he said ^ how many people u got hey stan hi wanna play? theres a few things you need LOL like knocking on your dry wall ^ yo wu can you play and win a game of hs? I need the pack k maybe in a bit finding all the stuff stan needs kk tell me if you need any help ow? sure sup guys all gone to sleep? ayee how're things on the western front can't complain Yes you do well I would too you guys have shitty winters. rip ow resets in 10 hours any one up for league Rippppppppp everyone buy their skins yet The Holiday seasonal event will end January 2nd. Expect the event to end around weekly scheduled maintenance (unofficially around 11 AM - 1 PM EST). I'm an idiot. Event ends Monday, not Tuesday. Please note that the weekly Arcade rewards will not reset again before the end of the event. rip biated wait so u didnt buy everything u wanted?????? ?????????????????????????? game anyone? k rip ereyone has a live life you think we can still box? no lo didn't u say that the boxes rnt going to refresh? I donno it says mine are refreshed in 1 min when I went into game and I am still in game sooo r u getting Christmas chests doe? donno i ll see if i win one didn't get a box for snowball offensive gg in a 3s game k anyone else for 3s to get box also discord? k my friend is playing my account kk wanna play 3v3 so we can get box? ok next round k rudy coming? anyone down for a game? sup guys hi cow hey zzain suppppppyyy yo bonjour hola denada hero? Hello? so rudy, trump went from legend rank 660 to rank 17 in 40 minutes nvm its over 1 day hi hey snek hi hows it going with you zain starting work again? yep trying to be productive these days did you start your course? hi pirate warrior confirmed op not yet I'm starting one course on Jan. 14 but it's not the algos one what course it's more of a certification/continuing studies type of class Foundations of Data Science Planning to do that in parallel with working to get some practical experience because the Master's program will be predominantly theoretical interesting Oh how's it going Course wise so far so good, it's pretty easy to get into but difficult to master haha intro stuff is like basic programming and general linear algebra / stats concepts But it's been a very long time since I did linear algebra/stats So it's a pleasant refresher pleasent RIP Zain such a good student The chance of getting scummed by wu is 100%, all the real life stats you need Linear algebra is a pain it does all the annoying stuff I just have to type it in But but do it by hand That would defeat the purpose of learning data science.. What is learning... oh matlab I see feels good man not Matlab Python / R R is basically Matlab why not matlab its so nice and Pandas (a python library) is basically R Some of the Python libraries are much better for analyzing data than Matlab interesting, all the master/phds I know in elec eng use matlab so I assumed matlab was better but cool I didn't know Matlab is good for Engineering purposes but strictly that That being said, I don't know the extent of Matlabs capability, but I don't think it would excel at working with large datasets and I don't know how good it is with communicating with datasources lol I know my friend was calculation light refracting off surfaces in a room and matlab said pls wait 18 hours for basic caculations python probably faster Best 18 hours of his life I dunno, depends on how optimized the built in matlab functions are compared to the open-source python libraries I think he wanted like after 8 bounces and settled for 1 bounce XD that was 18 hours Yeah simulations require very powerful hardware to do calculations a lot of the times they're solving multi-dimensional partial differential equations so yea, I can imagine that taking a very... VERY.. long time and as he increases the number of bounces, he is carrying forward all solutions to previous bounces and using those to attempt to solve the next set of bounces so the time growth rate there is exponential yeah I know he probably needed a super computer at that point maybe not even then yeah... lol engineers doing their engineering things went on league reddit, saw engineering the nightmare and thought it was a nocturne rework was just some stupid lore shit league is so toxic now league of colossus kinda like tony amen Yo guys, need some advice, how to be some what ok on a date PLEASE FRIEND NEEDS HELP LOL Friend I see rudy finally has a date wu's advice, don't go on date Rudy, take her to a flamingo party. I've heard good things. I shouldn't take wu's date ideas though? seems pretty unoriginal I don't know Flamingo parties aren't all that popular It would be pretty novel Or dude I just got the best idea You should bring her to TONY's house. Best date place in NA LOL take her to meet wu's parents right? 1-10 how well should I dress always a 6.9 hmmm fair humm I donno about your advice zain definitely If the date goes well, she can even become a new recruit LOL are you the new recruit she the new recruit... recruited into Rudy's life as wife damn too bad i'm not going on a date Rudy's life now rudys got a new kindsay in his life now wow gratz congrats rudy, what's her name? or sorry... well what's his or her name? LOL legit probably kai don' thave date legit was for a friend Tell him/her we said hi WHY DOES NOONE BELEIVE ME he can make you guys SOUUUUUUUUUUP WORTH SOUP ! Hm how you change faunt font LOL what by typing SOUPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP ZZZ the power of soup pls star  text star makes stuff bold two exclamation marks changes the font Man, discovering skype shit by myself *soup!! >: ( !!? what put a space after Or are you?! LOL seems like you can't do them both yeah if you do one it supersedes the other whichever one comes first yeah, whatever comes first wins the font battle gg get !! soup yeah can't use !! in the middle of a senentence oh really, !! that's interesting !hello! &what about this& && what nope ^aye^ ^^ AYE?! one day.. pretty cool eh the more we learn eh yep so any plans for your date nope not going on one legit was asking for a firend riiiiiiiiiiiight WHY YOU NO BELIEVE ME ain't nobody got time for yer lies i'm legit not lying why does no one believe me? no one listens to rudy why does this group have zzero faith err our shot calling ring a bell? yeah i'm shot calling rudy is not going on a date LEGIT no one listens bacon always fits in ass-creed humble bundle if anyone is interested gratz cow even the NK is happy for you cow zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz my intel confirms cow is on date na your intel is bad and should feel bad so is cow on date or not lol of course holy crap did your date arrive? no is he just embarrassed that she dipped? its k cow were here for u holy crap trolled so hard so you were right robert she trolled him rip rudy he/she* sighhhhhhhhhh I need new friends legit cannot ask advice for someoneelse ever again RIP nope tilted yeah it's about you being tilted that's you right now zzz so this is how feel tony feels ye yo I had wonton soup today at erin mills mall so soup much soup very soup btw cow finally reached hardmode and got fked cause cant find ore gg dude you gotta break altars noob/scrub/get on wu's soup level you break altars to get the ore to spawn but you want to keep one near your base to craft stuff you use the hammar thing you get from the wall of c'thun i broke 6 or 7 and died like instantly cause prehardmode armor is like paper lol LOL dodge ^ go to the normal biome tried to go to hell for some good stuff and reenchant some stuff hell is way to hard you need armour dude i cant find the fking gobin tinkerer cant even get workbench I'm so so so so sad .......... dude 2 plat and nothing to do with it I got him for you you need more housing =.= ?!?!??!!?!?!?!?!?!? yeah gggggggggggggggggggggggggggg il get on that lul found him in the dungeon for you LMFAO ggggggggggggggggggggggg gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg lol this is what I get for helping when i come back tnite il build my prison complex make it look nice get wu to do it well to be fair cow trolling is how ppl sho affection in this chat tru i made some progress with housing but more work is needed yeah wu join me i need slave labor LOL what is this china? yes LITERALLY just found the best anime for u tony translated to English its called scum's wish I heard that shit was depressing more than about scumbagging I read part of the manga... Man was mad depressing so what up guys nm wanna play a game of some sort? contemplating it league? k or ow I feel like I wanna play league time to get smasheddd gg feed no rudy u must go on date TONY ZAIN FOUND YOUR JAM TONY THIS IS YER SONG whoa was talking to myself gg gg you ended call nopee and then proceed to talk to yourself probably internet died LOL go get your milk shake alredy did WOWOOW so productive now send it over Cow u should be offering milkshakes game anyone ? Hello Hi How was your date Tony Zombies too hard Almost got ass raped by zombies But became new recruit Worth so something was hard and then there was ass-raping that sounds intense for the first time out Lol Srs Zain 0/100 100/100 110/100 100/100 90/100 Brb shower +-10 standard deviation Worth why are you guys both skyping from your phones lame fine how'd you know o.O hi I am good yourself young cow? no we should play more league nah too tilting need more team nah it was good I enjoyed losing those games we won one los one LOL we lost both at heart TRUE because you bought randuins too late bro bought it got a triple OR DID IT yes gg no maybe easter egg guess who's on the drumz timmy yes. How well can you do in the challenge mode of this Wtf how r all u awake at early I failed in one second Roberttttttt Wassup boys just chillin like a villain oh that's the acoustic yee like ti so far it's a pretty good song QOTSA are a pretty good band in general but usually i'm not in the mood for their songs yeah hit or miss usually I like their style tho they're like one of the few bands that still does grunge usually catch one or two songs on the radio so think tony is on date 2.0, it went well yesterday I like sublime always chill yee been awhile since I've herad this ye so league? sounds exactly like lay me down but yet it's not yeee one of my fav songs by them says league doesn't come on sad life cuz u didn't reply yeah I did with a good song >: ( I'm on alright hiya anyone around? no? Ok. some ppl have lives you know bs first of all there are no people in this chat only scumbags well I guess lucy is a person and stan but the rest are scumbags nah they the true scumbags, they never message back when you sayh i that is true gg....simon did that wasn't a reply, that was a skumbag he has learned well from the master yeah it was a reply just in ascumbag way still a replay better than being ignored true true thank you based simon I have been ungrateful people these days D: Game anyone? think everyones too tilted can confirm am tilted hi but rudy & tony are so str8 they go on d8 everyday stayed home all day sad life damn she came over? he/she* came over? nope you should go interrogate wu instead of me, he usually bitches about work right around now He it had to be a he He's on his way home when he gets here troll him bout work Look i'm just being politically correct guys so how have you been Robert? ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT ah it's our lord & scumbag tony-ahhh do you want to play something tony or tired from work? sure lets do something to untilt you should play adc! LOOOOOOL dude I played an adc game where I was like legit just bait people chase me half way across the map and die to tower zzz why would you ever adc because rudy. anyone else down for game? ya Robert & rudy roberttttttttttt rudoalph??? they're randomly partying on disc0rd hey guys morning origuez afternoon How are you Tony? good you? good ^_^ did u wanna do something sure disc0rd lies yo zain you there? sup hi I need to buy food now Hi Just order Off of amazon ez lol ezz popeyes delivery Do It Pay For Me too ok time to go have soup but tyhey don't do famiri bucket and I am super hungry I can eat as much as a famiri Order 4x And give me half no money Take from zains soup fund lol so wath up boiz nm gonna go grocery shopping soon too lazy Get it delivered LOL TRUE they actually have that at lawblaws also raza See Golden raza* 0 why does it keep removing ti by clicking what's this new meme about raza golden raza w golden chains damn. so do you want to play raza as soon as possible then? yeah always chain the raza so that you can start abusing your hero power? Abuse is bad are you saying raza abuses hero power? is there any strategic value in holding raza More like free labour lol zain you can hold raza all you want but I am not into that stuff So you would always first play raza no matter how well the night before went I see the type of person you are Tony LOL Tony answer the Frickin door Wtf lol ROBERT YOU'RE AT TONY'S HOUSE WHAT THE WHAT WHAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT Picking up my watch dude chill Gfs here doe asldppppkfjdaspfoisadfu fjpodafm TONY Gg hang out without us TAKE PICTURES Tonyyyyy WE NEED TO CONFIRM IF SHE IS REAL we need one of Robert & her lol tony if you fuck up and don't take pictures never going to let you live it down Is tony even home of course he's home he's with Robert right now taking pictures Didn't he say something about buying food If u give me a pic of Tannuo maybe There lol that frosh week photo he asked for a picture deal's a deal yo read on reddit that a guy from waterloo got a goose tattooed on his ass because he got enough votes on a thread... is tjis trur Very well could be.... Someone in Guelph tried to suicide by burning down their room in rez O.o robert you know we are your friends and burning donw your room is not the answer I was going to make that joke, but then decided not to as it is in bad taste >. > so wahts up robert get your watch? Ya just chilling Rn dammn I swear he would've pawned it off for soup WHERES THE PHOTO Robert that's just a pic of your gf I wanted a pic of YOU and your GF What do u want den come on man why would I want to see one half a couple that's like seeing only the upper half of the mona lisa wait I thought tony had to take a photo of robert #NAME? yeah why Tony you were given a mission which you failed Seto Kaiba does not approve. why did Robert provide a photo LOL i disapprove Hey Tannuo Lai hey Where have you been runescape lol can we go there was new update what it  dude add cows? did it add raza? something like that Wow.... gg the cows the chains or the razza? is this where raza went? ow anyone I can play something in a bit noones on lol We should play d&d only if tannuo is the game master what d&d demons and drag queens ^ tilt of legends? I'm always down to tilt unless already tilted did you guys see this lol marksmansucks.lol Yup saw that LMAO so league? I need to confirm that website's truth it is true I can confirm I played 3 games as adc where my only contribution was bait But on the flip side, I'm pretty fantastic at being bait double support lane was ok we lost that game didn't we? no we won that one ok I changed my name to something suitable let's league Ow? 1 league game first lmao really tannuo ye best name rudy? tony? sec in game Tony is busy ?????? is he on a date Girl dipped Rnt u leaguing cow doesn't mean I can't type WAIT SO YOU GOT THERE AND DISTRBUTED HIS DATE? I still demand a couple's picture. of tony and his date? No lol I'm just here with faith anyone down for ow? get school tmr just finished all arcade boxes on time lol hey guys i went to my place today holy fk nice did you get a cleaning crew? so cold no they did not reply me well get another one you need to get a few I guess I ganna do on my owm cleaned upstairs today have no faith for the downstaires no its not cleaning that sthe problem its the smell and I think we ordered sofa wrong LOL return it also why it should not face the fire station ??? should face the wall beside that fire station why I saw tv stander hint at that wall ?? and the wall above fire station feels super hot You mean hot air goes up? yes LOL that's why you get 3 sets of chairs not 1 sectional so bad sad life Gg look at this home designer Make sure your pipes don't freeze I set the home temperature to 16 Should be good i was set the off, till some one yesterday told me that I was stupid of doing that Good on that person yeah and tony I think we miss one part for that drill it need additional socket back to rona? it was so funny, we went to rona ask for power drill and the guy told us we should go to Canadian tire haha did you go yes we did follow the old man suggestion always time to go bed gnight g'night so cow and tony and zain wanna join negative asleep work and now suddenly, I rip awww soup date! :/ lmao So rito didn't fix Sandra's dmg Syndra ya rito dosnt care until pro scene starts I think didn't really fixed adc as well...  Rip LOL yo cow game? robertttttttttttttttt sup wu nm how was work ggggggg already tilted LOL cmon cow I finaly got good armor LOL but fishing we w8t till nite rudy discord? Warwick, the Uncaged Anyone Round? sup sad raza still chained even ww got in caged Rip did everyone in this room get a life or something get some assighments gg gl with life giving up on life truly GG rip think Zain is ko'd from school stress wu is just stressed stan is rip from school Robert is pretending to go to the gym rudy is sleeping lol what a succinct summary btw cow cover anyone? want to help me with this solar eclipse LOL aite getting recked by fking mothron you want to host? oh yeah tannou is playing runescape raza is chained think that's about it wbu rudy sleeping reading comphrension please yyoyo time? discord? what anyone down for ow? hey guys so I was gonna organize a hangout today but tony said he had a date a likely story zain so I was like... next time ZZZ like he actually said the words ohhhh kayyyy dereeeeee so Zain whats up LOL what I'm like you gonna be a flamingo and he's like nahhhh going out on a date it's finally true? then he got all secretive gg nothing much ZZZZZ yo simon wanna help me with algos later on other than spreading lies I need some explanations of complexity review and some help with a binomial heap Q So I got wings sooo what date lemon peper wings? more important questions Tony suggested hanging out with rudy but i'm like it wouldn't be the same if Tony's on a date yo so rudy, stan finally got a cleaning service cleaning service cleaning I feel like hes less organized than me service Tony you should go check out this service rip simon no respond lol thanks Zain but no thanks Don't worry, Simon will help. .. Indeed LOL seems suspicous cleaning services is like code words guess i'l ljust watch the hockey game or go watch movies nah going alone is kinda lame and having hot pot .. pls share sure come over OH YOU CANT kk coming now brb guys rip not enough food RIPPPPPPPPP bring your date tony ggnore ow? RIP goodthing he didn't show up  zero food left show up where? lol Show up at Tony's date where? 10/10 will avoid wu must be driving man I still tempted to tail them o well hlpe he has fun what is fun? wait are you guys joking or not can't tell anymore why would I be joking.. he legit said he has a date idk this whole date thing has been going on for a week wu's been on a date for a week? longest date ever lel man a true blind date ^ day 7, still trying to find her HAHA 7 days to die right? oh yeah i'll pass on OW, watching the game and being lazy tonight Lameeeeeeee Fine tmrw let's get boxes Want to pack some cash before the next expansion wowowow what are we your slaves? oh yeah Zain, what did you do about your schooling? atm decided to suffer Good luck! go back to suffering, you no life now hf suffering Zain! game anyone? what tony go back to your date ok back to league you should go fish on terrerria I am slave labour confirmed worth need a item FISHHHHHHHH rip group response yeah and noones on gg discord? k Well Sry but I thought  this group was developing lives R u terraria? oh seto on discord what yeah check out my world finished building most of it Tannuo came out of hiding? Wtf finally got the cellphone you got new cellphone? no in a game whats up simon oh lol busy week? not really client afk for whole week went to office just to chill lol tring to get in contact with mia? yea so trying again this week nope going to RBC next week, and it's onsite so I don't think I can slack watch them be mia too well actually they haven't signed the contract yet...they are suppose to give it to us by tomorrow night lmfao welp man, client went mia gg simon you need to help me with some algo stuff should be baby lvl for you I also asked my other friend who's very strong at math (his com sci is alright but his strength is in math), and he was having some trouble with the questions (may be since it's been a while since he did this stuff) i like it lol can't believe that you think I can help you w algo XD For some reason Everyone I ask says the same thing LOL They're like NOPE ALGOS NOPEEEEEE yeah gl with that but tbh the stuff we're doing is pretty easy like you shouldn't struggle with this then why do you need help lol because I've never done formal proofs before and I don't know what they're expecting the mark distribution doesn't really make sense it's like part a, 4 marks
partb, 16 marks and they're both like the same difficulty so I don't understand if I'm entirely doing something wrong or maybe part b requires special intuition? that's the beauty of algo anyways check this out I understand why/how this works but I don't know how to write a proof for it I also don't know how I would represent the binary form of n in a formal method lol I don't even remember what binomial heap is ahhhh man to be fair i don't remember shit from second year either so you're excused is it same as binary treE? something similar I'm pretty sure I never learned about binomial Heap It uses a binomial tree data structure It's a special way of constructing a heap so that you can merge it with log(n ) time complexity It's pretty much you construct binomial trees using the binary representation of n elements that way when you merge them, you're merging log(n ) number of trees I don't get it trivial case doesn't even make sense since the binary form of n can have at most log(n ) digits if n= 3 , it is 11 (in binary) there are  2 edges, so 3-2 = 1 edge The reason that works is because the binomial tree case with B_0 has no edges while the binomial tree B_1 has 1 edge B_0? Yes, it's a single element It looks like this yah this doesn't make sense until I read about what binary heap is gg yeah.. binary is a different thing Anyways, it's ok I'll figure it out btw Simon do you read Manhua*? nop Sorry I typed it wrong Manhwa** The Korean version of comics yea nooe dannnnng check out Noblesse if you get a chance really good oh that's webtoon yeah, I used to read it back in high school but I stopped because the author took like a month for each chapter lol and then he really sped up in the last few years classic lol I used to see people in my classes reading it all the time Finally catching up with it and it's really good i think i read that before sounds familar hey guys sup tony nm hows work simon client still afk? yup lol living the dream stayed home & worked on Friday again I bet you worked very hard, maybe even spent a bit extra time on the work i did in fact i worked till 11pm such a hard worker, should be considered for raise asap but yeah gonna play a game of league you wanna play? uh prob not woah tony lag all day long playing LEAGUE of legendz LOL rip of course I'm in kk, also I give up on jg gonna practice laning now ADDDDDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC time to get craped on TONY ADC MAIN 2017 LOL or mid no ADC time to spectate naw simon prob looks at my adc skills going bronze adc whats he doing lol it doesn't matter anymore doesn't matter if you are good/bad adc ?? result is always same lose? ye 0 impact Disagree ADC Trynd has historically had a pretty good win rate that's not ADC what? Attack Damage Carry He is by definition an ADC. adc in league generally refers to marksman In fact he's more ADC than most marksmen who have magic damage built into their kit adc probably means a dinky champ in this patch In other words lmao Simon you should play ADC Trynd as in no dmg champ team bait nope if you play tryn adc you can't be the team bait anymore so simon lag? of course, except you can bait for 5 seconds longer i have been lagging morning to night lately router is being so derpy skype or discord LOL we still owe you a bday present, I say we pitch in for a router for simon XD i have 3 routers lol what speakout i love how old school these guys are When did this group turn into a homework club lol Pm him I had to scroll for a long while past ur stuff dayum what's up everyone err nm you Zain? did you algo? nah just shower and lunch kinda chilling atm wassup had some chicken tiki masala or how ever you spell taht was good nice chicken tikka the masala bit just means spices i'm not sure why people tack that on to stuff ahh I see, I donno it just came with the jar so yeah thought you were on you're date and yeah cage of the elephant love their new song umm yeah trouble on my head trouble on my mind but yeah I hadn't heard their new album tbh i wasn't a big fan of their second album Though I really liked their first one yeah it was pretty spot on oh woops I missed one album in between actually got their first album I like the album actually called Cage The Elephant yeah tahts the one I got yeee In One Ear I was laughing about that Ain't No Rest For the Wicked because that song was playing when I was talking to someone LOL and I was just not listening to them because of the song was in y other ear the other person did not find it as amusing as I did hehe but yeah really solid first album still love that shinedown song holy shit Shinedown is a weird band to me some of their stuff is like music defenitly needs more piano really really heavy yeah its hit or miss for people and then they have other songs which are very very light but sometimes you need that jam ^ in your life Thought you guys are hanging out rn nah tony ditched us Tony is on date again he's too busy for his highschool friends now all about dates Lol we'll either see him when he breaks up or at the wedding ^ Rudy do you listen to SafetySuit? nope dude get on that man link ^ Their first album is amazing latest album was garbage tho that's one of my personal favourites i'll be the hipster and say a lot of bands go a lot more mainstream after their first album and its hit or miss :\ well it's really surprising because their previous albums were like uhh I dunno it's like they lost something that made their music really unique Seriously tho, check out their first album. It's legit really really good. One of those rare albums where every song is solid sounds like a 2000's band lol ^wedding song that chorus and ending tho that's a nice song I like how this is the auto play LOOOOOOOL that is a pretty good cover though yeah props to disturbed for not fucking it up but you look a the guy singing it they've fucked up a lot of covers and DO NO EXPECT their version of U2s still haven't found what I'm looking for ughh shivers they tried tm how's studing going seems like you're on your own yep all the com sci folk gg'd whats up w u rudy watched the ball game because ditched ^ sleepy kinda want to slep t-t go to sleep :') it's good to sleep keeps you well rested so whats up with you? at 7? do I look like tony just chillin atm like a villain? ye fancy guy why didn't you chill with tonya he on date thirdwheel flywheel see perfect just show up to his hosue right now lol you people league anyone? sure that always goes well sure that never goes well come on rudy raps won nice had a forty point lead sad life ?? wait tony yeah? come on discord he's not playing right now its lucy on his account wait what you banned lux? anyone game? mom randomly gave me lemon honey water ^ ZAIN ITS HAPPENING woah your mom is trying to keep you alive nah she got sick lol rip cow famiri sup wu what about your nephew? still sick nm just came back from work ear infection ouch and I think my brother got me sick again ish t-t LOL REKT well hope you get better soon cow and once you get better we should celebrate by getting beef bowls lol you and beef bowls man ? so gamerino? or sleep? sure playing a game of hearth right now we can play something else after what do you wanna play dunno kinda hungry how about feed rudy food game? LOL I am only good at feeding enemy team I can play you against in hearth does that count as enemy enough? lol i'll be on tererrireria k k I won enemy went all in and I shadow flamed LOL so what agmae? ow its chill discord? go play leagu nah too tilting yeah esp if you are a bad adc plus noones on that means higher chance of winning OHHH SHOTS FIRED kk discord? I'm sleeping now kk good night simon! g'night! scumbag cowoker - can you do this by tom 6:30PM rip tom as in morning zz LOL should wake up tomorrow and say sorry was too tired fell asleep inb4 fired zzz sad life Yo tony was rust the game u play That survival thing 7 days to die ow anyone? sadly humble bundle does not hav 7 days just rust lol just buy it on sale its legit like 8 bucks hardly worth when no one plays it lol LOL wu plays all the time just in real life yeah totally not playing jax on league right now o.O da fuck solo queue? ARAM? gg win of the day op aka tilted from yesterday since I was playing random champions and actually had to play widow like wtf widow? lol yeah ME SNIPE? like what wheres that Tannuo lag widow when u need it runescape? who knows lol you should ? well I am playing w mandeeps friends and I am mid LOLOLOL annie? Tony the MVP we need 1 more for league anyone? HA ha ha DUDE I did so well T.T LOL and lost I can see it now team still decided to surrender adc main op I could 1 shot anyone the 1 time I do well T.T is he still going for that support? nope their whole team squish as fuck anyways 1 for league? No is adc going for support PLEASE WU sorry algos assignment to do kk glgl! ooo how's school going rudy y u no come fuck me man we need a top laner seems toxic LOL LOL Zain so salty do it rudy LOLLLLLLLLL rip zain rudy you coming? ONLY IF YOUR THERE 
TO SUPPORT ME do I have too kk come on rudy your group seems 10/10 GO COW GO GO COW GO naw jk fuck you robert terraria is where its at LOL who cares about league? farming pirate invasion sad life havnt touched that shit in life pirate is rip found planteria bulb firkin pirate ship YESS SRS yeah rudy you not coming? FINALLY yeee so down to kill that and get cholo armor yeah going play one of league k tell mei f ur down to terraria i'll message we gotta kill planteria today LOL lol ofc gg gues no link sad life I gave you the link on skype o.O nope leggo? robert our discord? ow anyone? rip everyone dieded sup wu rip did leg day for first time LOL rip walking so whats up with you guys also Robert did you end up going to gym? Robert going to gym now? robertttttttttttt you there? nm thought you were going with him you guys wanna play a league game or smthing nah sleeping soon wtf when did u msg me lol if anything I msged u haha Tony search history What Robert Gym? yep lul i never got texts cow did u find temple yet? Ezz Tony op now right Yeah He got yo yo Does like 150 damage So op welp we need him that's for sure get dem beetles He'll one shot fishron How? well get fish first then find the fking temple He needs the fist plz What do you need from temple Eye? nothing i need fish Gg but if u guys get stronger form temp Good luck then lets fking get the golem first I don't get stronger Only wi Wu does tru And we found the temple Legit right there k leggo get dem solar panels What? Not home be home after game hey robert ? hi tony hi zain hows your class? hi. it's going ...well? ^ My assignment rudy going to restart router rop rip robertttt you there? hi guys hi just got back from pakistan niceee happy to be back? happy to be done with traveling for a year c9 rekt tsm yeah kinda surprised holy shit i just spend 3 hours doing 3b and? discord? LOL and it was that fucking ez so z i'm so cheesed right now ? explain aye boys 2 questions + study of AVL trees to go so see you in a week? how was class ez Saturday class is like basic stuff learned some cool R syntax tho woooo think I'm just gonna chill now tho swhat's up guys gg lol housemates gonna watch groundhog day in the near future cool so the class going well? discord Hi tony WHere is you? toni dead? on date or club probably grabbing soup yo who wants to suffer in league? year of the rooster is up boyz time to get da boxes league then? lol i didn't even decline your initial offer! don't give up so easily man truuuuuuuuuuu let's grind some boxes While I wait for dinner wait for dinner? spoiled but sure Of course Robert o shiz cow is on too Dinner isn't going to wait for me 3's time holy 1.5gb patch batman rip you guys farm some boxes first this is gonna take some time its 2 patches lol but sure gg Zain is pulling a tony lel waiting tables? nah i got my tables phew restarting client fixed it it's downloading gud nao nice down speed up to 20 kbps now! ggggggggggggg nah jk i lieded ggggggggggggg oh I'm done lel rip time to start fetching tables tony u wanna leagu? sure join chat most fun rudy & Robert are both so fucking tilted it's hilarious ?? hype wu is going clubbing lol rudy is going clubbing dt wu stop slandering me ok fine, rudy is going on a date down town fancy good luck bro! sigh we all know you're the only one that dates here LOL OHHHH KAYYY DEREEEEEE mr going dt on a date Robert might be in a relationship but he's too lazy to go on dates Bruh I'm at a concert So no I'm not to lazy to be on dates U guys r missing it Guelph and Marianas trench concert literally all girls next time I've passed through one direction concerts at acc before them fangirls be crazy o.O nah not really missing out hey cow glad you made it back home alive Roberta, hope you enjoyed I think I would have enjoyed it, but I generally dislike the whole fan girl army that comes with a boy band The song One Love from Astoria is really good oh and tony I met Cow last night at the bar his friends were drunk and very interested in you they're all like WAIT YOU'RE RUDY'S FRIEND? ARE YOU TONY WUUUUUUUU LOL srsly Zain? yeah I'm just thinking do I look like a TONY WU do you look that amazing? and awesome? Of course I do checks out hes tony wu But a man is usually just a shadow of his reputation So how are you Tony? What are you up to these days? playing hs, wanna go on discord? ya lmfao gg wasn't even drunk was sad gg sure rudy you were like Where am I? should be home so what's up cao eating you? listening to music contemplating life reporting simon to trump lame the usual overrated says the bomb builder i dunno man i keep sending him e-mails no response yet rip tweet him its how you get into contact with him convince him about the illegal Canadian immigrants so he builds a wall to keep the americans out for us next time wait what XD rude. just telling him whats up waait why you bringing me into this pls you don't want trump to reject ALL Asian ppl into 'murica he wants to redirect all of you into china and then get cheap manufacturing great 'murica strat greaaaat. but simon's korean ^ how are you Simon? what are you doing these days just working & studying good for u man literally quit gaming cuz of that sad to hear, we shall mourn your loss lol thanks... okay...found efficient way to slack off...sleep hehe sleep is great but how does it compare to getting tilted in league gg sleep >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> leagu pshhh come on you gotta admit plzz how's your school anyways getting rekt? so far so good do you like the course material? yeh it's pretty interesting really makes you think It's also kinda cool how ppl came up with some of this stuff buat the same time doing the analysis and proofs is hard can confirm.. any1 wana play something ow league ? anyone down for leageu steve is here too sure cow? 1 sec ow? sorry Robert pulling out for tonight not feeling too great headache naw bro health is the most important get some sleep bro that always helps yeah planning to sleep at 10 night! anyone around? rip u mean dip LOL rekt hey Simon my assignment question worth 20 marks looks way easier than all the 5 and 10 mark questions is this a trap? I'm confused. Can't I just throw this shit into an AVL tree of size m, and only do a replacement when the input is greater than the largest value of m (furthest value to the right in an AVL tree) querying is simply an in-order traversal I'm so confused.. this looks way too easy .. Just got off from work.. My brain is no condition to make any judgement Finally bastion buffs getting on PTR soon Thank you blizzard skype says it's the skumbag birthday Is your brain in better condition now Simon? Also, how are you guys doing? eh You're always doing eh how're you? yep tired as heck I'm consistent like that That's some accuracy I try oh sorry I meant precision i figured but did you really figure? maybe i did, maybe i didn't. what's it to you? Em Im working till midnight today gg stay alive Simon man You're killing it it's more of voluntary work but w/e I dont want to give shit quality report to client he just doesn't wanna have to deal with your homework that too not that I can help anyways of course you can help Simon be the hero pls I really don't understand why you are asking me for help he just wants to make friendsssssss mhm idk man simon man you're a smart com sci student I'm sure you can do this stuff in your sleep no I barely passed compsci courses psh key words passed worth He's so humble yea like w 60s and I honestly don't wanna deal with it ever again LOL Simon man you can't be like that wow you never know when an algo will save your life thought you had a 50 average 10% higher than I though (though class avg was 60) worth nope I'm not a dev zain I don't have to deal with it </3 Simon man you were supposed to be the carry since wehn since you went to waterloo for com sci nope like do you expect toni to be the carry with his ece background how's he supposed to carry here I expect no one to be carry I trusted you man remember? I can't be trusted FUCK man i forgot Damn, prophetic. come on simon u know u want to help me see if my recursion solution makes sense lol you have no idea what I want man com sci kidz so lame You are cs too nah I'm taking a com sci class I'm not enrolled in com sci in Fall, I will be a lame com sci kid Soon to be w e but unlike you I won't be a lame com sci kid I will be kool Okay Arnold will be making ice jokes about me We will see about that that seemed sped up or was that just me tis u crap its already past 12 gg nite goodnite! man this chat goes dead no no really if you don't talk no one does You kno.. We are hard workers we too lazy to talk uhh I mean what simons said And yes I'm working now gg long hours It's more of voluntary work You guys mean you're all anti-social work/laze aholics Mhm socializing with colleagues They are much cooler than you zain Doubt it I mean they are probably pretty cool but cooler than me? PLIZ They don't ask me to help with their hmk LOL Yeah, see how lame they are that's plagirusm Pewpew smh zain They don't even have hw smh They would be 5% cooler with hw but still not as cool as me Nerrd The only people that use the word nerd nowadays are nerds ... awks aka zain YOU JUST USED IT I NEVER SAID I WASN'T ONE (Caps) wow caps gg GGGGGGGGGG ye so what's up guys how's it going rudy no tilted you? pretty tilted too sad life no wonder we don't talk anymore busy being tilted Lol How did you get tilted? What are you tilted from? brother as usual Lmao legit he was like RUDY IS IN BAD MOOD BECAUSE HE FAILED HIS TEST like wtf Well, at least he didn't try to murder you 1. it was him 
2. I passed mother fucker >: ( aye that's awesome, you shud start a ruse Trolll where no one knows you're passing this shit like uni? yep I swear my dad was like wtf you got your degree?!?!?!1 Mine too good times =( zains ike pshhh 4 ez pz 4.0 is hard getting it in one class is easy don't talk to me I don't think I even had a 4.0 in uni LOL cuz you didn't study with me zain one time I could you didn't even say hi LOL I was just thinking about that I REMEMBER Rudy in the library you were so focused couldn't break that it would have been wrong ?????/ me focus must've been a group project yep got so tilted over those RUDY YOU SHOULD START DOING THIS BECAUSE WE ARE ALL BUSY I HAD THE SAME CLASSES Man, you get tilted so easily you're like a really weak beyblade and than I did work and I got bitched at for formating .... >: ( this isn't report formatting haha you would've hated being in my group XD well if your the only one doing the work and you get bitched at for incorrect formatting when they did nothing I got cheesed that's pretty good good time efficiency yeah, all that bullshitting with stressed out people I was pretty good at report formatting but some of my friends were God-tier LOL i'mpretty bad I had to respect how beautiful their reports looked but I worry about content first Yo but wu wants to watch the movie the great wall You down? when? dunno ask wu man that's on feb 17th that's so far yeah think he wants to watch it because he loves walls is tony trump? and tbh the trailer looks straight garbage tier Of Chinese trump yeah don't you know wu's hero is mao Great Wall of China and Mexico United this movie somehow took Chinese/mongolion history and turned it into a story about dragons attacking the great wall of china see has dragons too Mongolian Dragon? Lol like wu's fav animal and for some reasons these dragons choose to attack the wall instead simply flying over them #tilted But you should support your friends interests these soliderz power rangerzing it up girl power ranger too Wow surprised thay actually got Asians usually they just replace the Asians with white people well the main character is matt damon but he's playing an explorer in the context of the story marco polo? was like wu's second fav show see This purple power ranger is not impressed perfect movie for wu The only thing the trailer was missing was them summoning their megazord to fight off the alien/monster bad guys that's the plot twist pls this movie sucks ass I watched it in china about 3 months ago 2 months ago? wu's going to china just to watch this movie? mustb e good LOL go watch it nah i'm good not a bout that wall life always wall always trump no? see Zain why this is such a wu movie? gg Yo Zain, wu needs help, he's sick, get him that honey drink thingy i can get him tabasco sauce laced wings no soup? no soup for wuu told you there's something about Shape of You which is just super catchy what were the wings wu ordered i think lemon and pepper? do you guys remember Madilyn Bailey, she used to do song covers on youtube. I remember I used to listen to them a few years ago I just saw one of her recent videos and i'm like WTF she doesn't even look like the same person nope I remember really liking this years ago the part at 2:18 and then I saw this pop up on my recommended videos today I can't even believe that's the same person it's the hat isn't it? I dunno she went from like dry-damaged blonde hair with some weird asymmetric undercut and oddly applied make up hatist. to that amazing, it's only been like 3.5 years rudy, maybe even you can undergo a full transformation in that time please 3.5 years later, cao turns into tony and tony turns into cow wu changed overnight Then we are all very confused about who's the snake and who's the skumbag you the snake wu is the skumbag is this even a question? but how would I even know So I was thinking of playing league later tonight oooo but I feel like you're too tilted cow wu wants to play yeah Tilt TILTEDDDDDDDDD I feel like the way to summon simon is to either say Tilt or something really tilting is to shit talk rudy? Lool rudy don't refer to yourself in the third person, that's bad form. fine. is to shit talk me HAPPY? ok I'm gonna go eat wings i brb league after or na? I will coordinate my scheduling accordingly nah maybe tomorrow? but knowing you you'll be too busy kk tomorrow nite think wu is up for tilting tonight though he's already tilted so he's ready u guys tilt too ez weaklings you should be more like raza how much do you need to tilt before you aren't tilted anymore? infinite horzontoal 8 you can never tilt enough i rhinkz we need a gud definition of tilt yeah I think tht's a accurate photo of tilting why am I here with these scumbags -zain wtf did wu order, tilted one more wing == one more game of league okaii guyz ? ? oh btw cow have u heard new imagine dragons song it's dop no I'm glad they've gone baq to their roots not bad did you know spotify pretty good really good sound production you should get it I should probably get it actualy yeah you should next time. it's really good i actually saw this on fb last night before i went to sleep some pretty good rock song releases lately Cold, Cold Cold and this were both pretty great hahaha what I thought of the second I read the song titled classic then i saw her face now I'm a believer now listen to the song again (the first one you linked me) makes more sense right? but do you still believe? nah but I'm Ready i can't watch this without thinking about Mcluvin XD wow zain op woah it's an Asian guy called zain awesome apprentl yi'm a truck jam? you were always a jam man LOL tony has a grrill that he jams at and that's simons jam. you sound bored rudy always you should tilt with me always rip doesn't tilt with me go league tilt yourself ^ ... hey raza, you interested in playing? sure cool let me just block rudy so he can't spectate aite leggo jokes on you going spectate raza (oh yeah raza, forgot, can you block him too damn right i didn't close that bracket lol check and mate. the effort you will go to just to not play with us worth it's okay i want him to come on tony's account and spectate all planned tilted. discord RAZA? (capitalize to emphasize i was only talking to u) (...and not rudy.) kk I see how it is tilted i'll tilt you from beyond the game gg anyone down for da gamez? ow ? wanna play league with us - cow because he tilt NOPE YOU DELTED ME FROM LEAGUE tilted. I doubt he actually went through with it you underestimate the snake it is strong with that one i dunno wat ur talking bout cow we invited you wow cow u deleted me? cray. snaked so hard by this group i'm done i love you too cow i came home for u gg so any1 for league Rudy is! How about you Simon? I'm out Sure. remember you can't be trusted I'm at hospital damn are you okay? For my mother oh, sorry to hear Hope whatever it is isn't serious sure? Been going on for awhile hope the issue is resolved soon tannuo: Sorry to hear that Simon :\ hoping for the best goodnite all damn simon sorry to hear that, hope she gets better soon! thanks guys hey tony hi zain How are you doing? wow I get no hi gg good, hbu Zain, hows your algo it's going man LOL the best phrase, its going weather you like it or not XD  that weather snowing kk I gotta go to work =( cya guys! good luck getting ow boxes ditched gg gg rudy is tilted ?? we played like 20 3s games yest. lost all of them Rudy 4ever tilted but we won the hanamura defense (barely!) worth LOL so tilted hey I did good on a blitz game ok cya tilts! peace wu yeah but then you had that hog game XD balances out it's ok i believe in u play more h0g nope gg GGGGG hi cow u wanna play some more losses? gg ditched as usual as alwayz sad life why you no tilterino with me tilted wow pats won gg you did watch the soup bowl? guys I've done it tilted? finished 3b? get tea/chai/tea/chai? i've become immune to tilting soooooooooo lets test it out I'm down not to tilt but to play some League of Legends tilt a legends? how'd you become immnue it just clicked I'm untiltable You should teach cow i dunno why cow I really like the guitar riffs in this song I feel tilted already you're weak you got away got away got away from me yeah always liked this song come on cow where you at i'm waiting what thought you were immune to tilting so you stopped playing nope discord? had gold quest in hearthstone, tony faces me with cancer shman gg says the guy playing zoo ZZ that doesn't even have imp gang boss literally nerfed zoo yo I bought4 packs got 2 legendarys wtf gg Zain up for tilting? Zain tilted? sup tony still alive? thought you were making food I already made and ate food XD time to make soup yo i never tilt <2 so no but i always game where is le skum soup can you not read? no how am i supposed to read while singing cold cold cold come on mayun what what's wrong w these ppl oh simon is here hey simon, you porbably already know whats wrong w these people, hacking everyone what' swrong with you simon? song is the gateway to the soul ... ............................. you sounds like a  teenager so game anyone? sure call me granpa song I want some respect get awwwwwwwf maa lawn back in ma day, we listened to the music of our enemies being destroyed what kind of game? robertttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt ROBERT wtf Robert is alive Zain show your respect to your elders kids these days... faaaaaaaaaaak dis is how we do yolo 360x720v1meRustFGTSkim420K Swag. man no wonder why I didn't know you in highschool..you are totally not kewl. i wasn't even born when u were in hs grandpa song how ironic is it that his last name is Song and he hates music yet simon had more friends than you during your highschool days nah. I still went to same highschool obviously no one had more friends than simon I mean grandpa song I wanted Canadian education although I was old Back in my day, everyone was my friend wait simon was in fraiser? wtf when did this happen ^not sure if you're trolling lol wouldn't put it past robert I know a lot of ppl that didn't know you guys other than Tony yup all cause of stweret naw I'm trolling lol nah pretty sure Robert though tony was nice in highscool ^ saw someone watching that today I saw this trailer SO FUN so tilt rudy isn't come out on saturday or am i? maybe it was all a trick so over watch? or league? oh man that dog wick trailer so good ya I'm down disc0rd simon let's learn aglos together nope i have better things to learn Holy he'll wtf is this buff so so so broken Tannuo ur afk is viable now i leave for 1 day and this group dies gg Braaaainssss your face is a zombie-death pun Anyhow nite yes, good night Sorry guys, I didn't get to continue my epic quest to see how many ways an adc can die in 2017 next time gg night good night Zain always makes it about himself eh ikr and tannou ignored you lmfao mang needs to turn down the world revolves around mementality I don't think he comes on skype right? kids these days, grandpa simon will be dissapointed bet he's playing that yugioh game naw just runescape cause y not but yugioh how's that gym life What I am the centre of the universe get out of here oooooooooo center of the universe fight ahh sheit journey to the west ends soon ow anyone nah a bit busy slacking fight meeeeeeeeeeee toni SOUP FIGHT of course man the world does revolve around me it revolves around you too but it's just a matter of a frame of reference so Zain where'd you go what do you mean? mr. i'll fight wu to be the center of the universe o.O theday you were like WOOWOW GROUP DEAD gg ... i went to sleep i even said good night wowowo didn't see it it's like we got snaked or something you said that today GG it's like you perceive that you got snaked because you are yourself a snake not yesterday GG that was today man snaked. SNAKEEDDD snake-ception so u wanna play league? i'm feeling a distinct lack of being one-shot an't about that life fine i'm outtie yup good snake. that was quick night rudy leggo LEGGO LEGGO WHERE MAN I want to watch that movie zzzz leggo his eggo? we watchin both on sat anyways leagu leagueeee? gg discord? spec time to judge New ow tank is coming Time to brush up on reaper skills any1 wanna play leaguu leaguuuuu? wuu yeah wahts up zain nothin much just chillin like a villain hi always villian disc0rd? holy shit guys Both movies yesterday fucking epic what did you watch zian? Can't even recommend one over the other Lego Batman & John Wick 2 yeah, surprisingly brilliant movie Personally, I think it was better than deadpool LOL it was up there game anyone? yeah sure btw yeah watch john wick 2 as well guess I have to see that too i think his killcount increased exponentially from the first movie LOL LOL WHUT he kills more than the first? damn oh man i don't want to ruin it but the entire killing in the first movie is like 1 of 5 scenes in this movie gg and they came up with some really fucking awesome ways to kill ppl he's literally hacking in csgo spin bots the upgrade from Keanu kills 50 to Keanu kills 250 did they kill his goldfish this time? oh man they handled it so gracefully kjk league or ow? i don't even wanna ruin it down for either going for lunch go for john wick instead and also watch lego batman LOL to see one of the best parody movies in the last 20 years I don't think I've anything that was so savage seen anything* k discord? rip saw neither reported sad life how are you cow meh you? tired why u =) such an evil emoji anyone for league? I'm down if cow's down wanna try the new mode with me as we wait? nah not a fan of featured game modes Is tony down tony is down with the sickness sure tony is at work people need ice cream in winter snow storms lies he's at soup I get on and get ditched this is why I don't game with this group gg LMFAO got ditched by Sharon too ^ truly the sad life i was gonna play but then u ditched and i was tired/hungry so i gg'd ... legit I accepted headed onto discord and got ditched GG ... A) you declined
B) you didn't even come on disc0rd gg ..... dude that's a full lie raza even wrote so Zain's ditching CHECK MATE ...because you ditched don't complain about ditching when you'z a ditcher that's ditch-c3ption .......what? how did I ditch by accepting IM SO CONFUSED RudeCow failed to accept the match rip even raza ditched cuz u ditched rudy joined the lobby rudy slected fill... so this is Zain's version of alternative facts rudy waited for queue to pop and then did not accept and then did reply for 5 min he also did not join disc0rd rudy ditched. that is the story of rudy the cow and how his life got flipped turned upside down let me take a minute to tell you how he became the ditcher of bel-air welp now i'm probably actually going ditch kk Zain you should just go eat probz go to sleep sleep is good change is good YO RAZA DIDNT I JOIN ANDD ZAIN LEAVE you joined we searched for a game you didn't accept Zain left rip was heading on discord did not hear was gonna restart the search then Zain was like wait for him to come back and then he said he was hungry and left to get food raza with the real deetz yup but the real scumbag is Robert League of scumbags wow u skumbags I just got home why am i being lumped in next level ditching id be down for a game leggo rip heading out some time in the future ^now we see who the tru ditchmasta is tony lol THIS is tony he's a black manquien? and this is Zain at the movies aye uys hey guys hi whats up nm everyone ditched rip how was work? horrible hows school meh it's tilted me for years rip always tilt so tony how many customers did u get err maybe like 100 ish? real? 100ish ppl in this weather? yeah I know right ... why are you awake? because I'm not sleepy same and haven't been for  5 hours same time for league hypeeE? same nah work tomorrow rip forgot its Monday tomorrow yo anyone down to hang family weekend? shouldn't they be with family well raza looks like this is one of those days where everyone afks im here on scape tho WHAT TANNUO ON SKYPEWOEIRJOAFUWOEGOJW sup tan hey down for a game of cancerwatch? endless cancer? or league of cancer? I'm down for endless cancer if you got 1 more raza u down? I was going responde but i'm busy being afk BUT BUT COW too late down to chill this weekend? u think tony will be better actually? lol yeah just gimme a date probably snowboarding one day better at what? isn't he sick rn? like better not spreading germs lol sick of life? .... well that is depsressing yup why don't you ask him how he's feeling should be fine, plus if you get sick, you guys can be sick buddies not on skype and txting is gay ? that's a thing? kk going text wu this, Robert wants to know how you are feeling, are you ok? he's pretty concerned about you but says texting is too gay >.> fine I won't thx so knid of u hi No problem, always looking out for my friends was eating people still down for cancer? nope afk I mean eague of cancer or endless cancer anyone? maybe how cancer is cancer no zain so automatically a bit less just a bit but there's rudy so automatically, ultimate cancer nawwwwwwww when we play and feed shit gets so jks you mean every game? where's tannou (additional sacrifice) im here ikr GG ROBERt YOU TEXTED WU ? GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ^ exposed. lol shut it fight me so league sunday? can we do earlier I'm getting teeth removed sunday and I wont be fun on painkillers lul LOLOLOLOL it'll be fun for us i'll pick you up its k LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOo uhh think simons busy, wu's busy saturday not 100% sure ripppppppppp LOL right? Friday is ok for me too idk if ur busy sigh means I would have to write my assignment ahead of time ....what is this ROFL write it day of of course so cow game? o shit tannuo kin is down after his arcade game think wu wants to go karoking dude i'm on no one invited me legit tilted kk endless? join us cow nah then we can do 4v4 guess i'll have to study WOWLAME TY cow singing? I mean tony singing? wow what a miracle yeah wu really wants to go he says he wants to go downtown too also I got a wii lately if anyone wantto smash bros or Mario kart for some reason downtown is meh yeah dunno discord? Tannuo league? tannuo tilt yeah coming man I wasn't down to league tonight but when I heard of the massive amounts of feeding we can do I'm like lego league ping hey guys whatsu p hi tony hi rudy tilted off the planet but it's okay raza will save him LOL I remember rudy tilt nah it wasn't that bad lol ok sur I've had worse i only got 1-shot once that game it was lame lol did not get 1 shot enough times zz anyways off to sleep goodnite nite night on new client nocturne mechanics on point now gg gg tilt all the enemy adcs hi no rudy i thought we had something special.. no ... in bottom lane Hi hi Raza oh it's valentine's day Robert should be out with his gf Tony is probably out with his gf and soup as well or maybe he's just out with the soup I don't know anymore Tony moves in Mysterious Ways so how do i use this practice tool Go to training and practice tool oh it's on the new client only awk so who's down to play some good ol fashioned LEAGUE OF VALENTINE'S LEGEND Lol Sure Anyone else down? Or should I continue getting rekt in kh2 rudy : read the first response to the top comment click the link so no league? WE HAVE NO TROOPS SIR WE NEED NEW RECRUITS time to play brand is what you're saying Yes. kk next time next time guess it's just me and my boy Seto Scapin Waiba where's kaiba anyways? What do you mean where's Kaiba He's at Kaiba corp obvi where's mokuba? Kaiba Join us k going back to kh k disappointed send me a message on skype if you start guys play league :/ guys listen to zain Zainnnnnnnn ? Gg ZAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNn GAME OVER guys 1 is the lonliest number so I'm always rip WE DOING THIS rip always been on discord since 8 also tannuo said sure about an hour ago rip Zain ignored tannou RIP see Zain keeps saying hes a loner but ignores everyone that talks to him, the ultimate snake tru man If I get an invite and a fucking seto kaiba i'm down tony league? rip think you guys should go without me 100% RUDY DITCHED SO I DITCH WE ALL DITCH I SAID I WOLD ACCEPT IF KABIA CAME HE NEVER CAME I think he left kaiba's back he wants to know if you're still playing Well rip I am out eating food I be back at 12 wtf gg When everyone asleep tony u here need to do my 11-2 arena run rudy get brand your face is a brand so aggressive Zain I think you may need therapy he does he's more toxic than tannou now screw the rules i'm seto waiba keto saiba meto raiba teto laiba I like how all of these sound like legit names hello tannuo you here? ye how was your arena didn't do it yet kk do now? k sec wait wait wtfwtf ? idk how but the game just decided that my run was over lol wtf lol did you dc one game? I remember loading it up then clicking cancel LOL glitch rip i actually left in the game apparently not yeah o well watch draft? you can email blizzard kk wait really they do something about it? yeah be like wtf is this the deck was pretty decent they will in like 1 month it takes them forever to respond like a billion 1s and 2s, then a random deathwing as hunter face hunter GG ok drafting k share screen oops wtf I wanted to watch rip come join call game anyone? ow? studying abit, maybe later sure roberttttt getting on disc holy shit hots has the most amazing heros honestly league should take a page out of their books we should civ ^ gggggggggggggggggggggg LEGGO sigh finally got kin and Tannuo in the same plce rip rip didn't know he went to loo ow? he dosnt he goes to western I think you think? nah pretty tilted in ow palyed with wu yesterday and won 0 games gggggggggg always blame wu i played with tannuo yest. and we lost in like 40 seconds LOL dis rudy always blaming me ye wow legit gone for 5 min everyone dipped ? kk hey guys hi tony how are you? I am good you? good did you wanna play something or you studying? chilling should be studying LOL fuck it I play 1 game of comp wait comp? COMP comppppp Gg should be COMMMMMMMMMMMMMMP WAIT in ow ARE YOU LEGIT oh ok LOL i'm like wtf this guy is playing csgo wtf how does this sheit even work it works like you should play league instead LOL 1 min q hum I donno roberttttttttttttttttttt lemme know if u wanna leagu tho lol did you want to league? sure Sure fuck ? i'm like watching a full screen tv show and i can't tab out of it or close it -___- i'll have to task manager kill it dang but then i'll have to load the whoel thing again gg well tannuo waiting on u he's not on skype tho Zain discord? coming Anyone know good furnace repairing company/person? nope =( nope, sorry, your heating broken? yup rip hdie in tony's basement ? Yo guys season 3 is almost over in ow Anyone want to to rank? yeah man i'm totally down to rank ranking da best sure ranking right now ranked always what u ranking in csgo? league? ow? hs? HYPEE runescape? why not all i'm already a rank 99 wood cutter get at ma lvl kk guys discord? sure 10/10 glad i'm flopping, NOODLES HYPE srsly Zz hand made noodles rudy why you flop rip noodles then come after noodles >.> leggo tony comp rip too complciated k I am here what are we doing DUO QUEUE IN LEAGUE AND OW . just do it league anyone? gg was untilting uh in a bit if any1 wanna do it sure don't you have class tomorrow sure nope long weekend but is anyone still around Yes sup nm seems like everyon else has gone to sleep tannuo and Robert were in game last I knew rip nvm they done why do I bother logging on i dunno man sad life did u finish ur assignment ohh rudy did you know finished my assignment tony made an epic Freudian slip today I really enjoyed but sworn to secrecy so instead I will taunt him with it mwahaha u guys just wanna play tomorrow kinda sleepy gg plus tony got some hot soup action tomorrow PLEASE EXPOSE naw it's too good to expose it's like so good that it needs to be kept contained LAME also man i saw tony play hog today makes my lee sin look like rush you play lee? funniest shit man XD 8 hook misses in a row so he just gave up and started auto-ing from long range so then i told him to switch to solider and he hard carried woah gggggggg condemner did expose is on league idk y I'm here so tired don't worry i only expose the non important stuff i don't expose the soup lyfe lEGGO leggo ma eggo u Robert is that really a lie ow leggo so saaaaaaaaad fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiivudiapdfuaf ok idc really kinda tired WHAT ZAIN DIDNT SAY LEAGUUUUUUUU what is this miracle Tannuo already diped cause too tired i aopolgize dis sleep thing is killing everyone sop sowat we doin Exposing wu going to sleep lol play tomorrow zain since u don't hav class ya okz tomorro wowowowow ditched woz i r here do you really count? y whynot? no one counts ye' okay goodnite guyz nite snake goodnite Hello Raza the Chained with Battlecry nite Zain the Shitlord with Deathrattle night ...raza please he's the snake not shit lord nite Zain the Snake with Deathrattle Thank you rudy for seeing my true colors rip tony ? aren't you supposed to be on work/soup duty why are u just randomly online #NAME? btw Roberta, here is that remix i mentioned i like how it elevates the chorus Also tony ? Other than your Freudian you need to clean up man yeah and remember to challenge her to ping pong need to assert that Asian dominance but somehow i expect her to kick your ass XD LOL when we all go down we all go down together back to work tony hurry and clean up naw man we are all going down together also putting slime on the floor to make it more sticky now I wont be branded a liar ;D gg wtf are you on wu alot of medication TRUE shouldn't you be drinking soup rip going snowboarding since my dads ko'd sad life also its like 10 out side what happened to your dad? did he make some food for your bro? nah chipped his tooth and it broke or something, got infected and had to take it out and he still got up and went to work wtf LOLLL worthh like think he woke up at like 5 and went to work till 12 just take the day off naw monies also pride? stubborn old man saving up money he doesn't need for retirement he might what if your bro goes bankrupt pretty sure he's savings are good please parents in law ooo game? what if you go bankrupt already bankrupt nope have stuff to do in 5 minutes PLS COPW GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGggggggggg you are richer than you think have fun drinking soup tea but ok  so fancy tony aren't u supposed to be getting ready for a date also have u done some reading on freud? Yo who's down for creeping Tony's dare Date nah i think he should enjoy with her plus he will probably make us play haunted house again and i'm already sleepy Ggggggggggggg Haunted house was so bad without music lol but that music really added that extra dimension of depth Still... U guys are a terrible board game crowd lol only when the board game is haunted house you should see us on pandemic we legit Tru lol I was there for a pandemic round I think Also I finally found out y kin doesn't play damage..... He Fking plays ow on 100 sensitivity I almost puked playing like that lol op but what's his mouse dpi at? How do u even ANA doe... No idea the actual sensitivity is a multiplication of the two Does it matter???? DPI * In-Game Oooooo But not all mice allow change dpi That's not even including other factors like resolution, field of view, etc. O think Yeah, but the mouse should have it listed somewhere on its specs even if you can't change it, it does have one anyone wanna league eating sure seto kaibaaaaaaa hype spectte time I'm down if u are tannuo you want to just overwatch then nah i'd rather league Ow I'd be down overwatch is more boring with fewer ppl ROBERT SAID HED BE DOWN typical so no league tonight Have to agree with tan league is getting dry i feel that way about overwatch :/ but to each his own Tru I'm surprised how much tony is into it doe lol ok lets league he says as he doesn't come on gg alright, i'm just gonna chill instead then LOL welp done eating rip grouop yeah man This group just got...... floppped ok lets league Tannuo is AI confirmed. aye simon LOL Tannuo Bot Programmed to 1 shot the adc rudy u coming? raza/rudy?? Won't be home for around another hour Celebrating a housemates birthday kk enjoy hey people hi tony disc0rd also how was your soup date good still sick me too got it from u back wb sup? reading cool down to play something anyone down for league? Down but making noodles k acquired noodles share pliz sup zain cant digitize cant share hi rudy hi hello bonjour ni hao no >: ( wahts up nm Gutentak whats up simon Just chillin we still chilling today? Idk.. Are we? I thought you guys are planning over Discord or something i'm out, sick never stopped wu from getting you sick no clue we got lazy to plan I guess flop and you can chill w your bro you gotta leave the planning to your huang simon song where's wu and his planning skills Floppy flop the ultimate flop hello GG HES ALIVE discord? sure yo zain whats up join discord? no no no ? your face is a yo zain and nah why not want to league? too lazy rip you guys go ahead zain we need you play ranked w rudy and robert to carry so I can watch and eat next time play with us DO ITTTTTTt JUST DOOO ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT WE NEED 2 MORE FOR FULLP ARTY nahh nahh but i do feel like having some friends we need you let's grab some poutine boyz ooooo LETS  GO GRAB PIZZA ae you down nah man already sick get wu more sick its k zin you watching lcs game? zin xhao nope what teams are playing? tsm old c9 is someone playing win nao? man i miss that champo i wonder if he can be played full lethality throw es em throwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwws by sm They really need a new adc LMAO SVEN playing the tannuo and then tsm lose a 5v4 YOOOOO want to play alien swarm LOL Y throw i went afk did c9 win? if you join discord you can find out I'm gonna grab something to eat will join in about 20-30 min kk yeah c9 won base race win Hm Got home Sup i got milk not going Zain? when did u get sick lol u were ok Friday no on friday i blame tony-ah where are we going? to the batcave? u guys shud go watch john wick 2 they already went to tonys I'm not going prbly shouldn't I just had my teeth removed oh shit man u rest aka league to get my mind off it LOL thx doe nah just relax put on a movie or something videos when in pain is never a good idea or when on meds what u guys doing? more haunted house on the hill? YEEEEEE we bros zain how bad is ur sickness??? not too bad just a bit of a cough better now than yesterday jst resting up to make sure i'm 100% for next week aye well u hav Monday at least ye how are u feeling now tbh it dosnt hurt at all I'm still following my antibiotic treatment and painkillers ofc plus ice but it feels normal apparently it gets worse 48 hours after that and if u stop taking shit it hits you hard yeah it does get worse LOL LOL il remember that awks doe cause I hav to wake up at like 5 am to take shit o well u don't have to follow it strictly just re-adjust the hours as needed is it every 8 or 12h? 8 for painkillers 6 for antibiotics 6h is really annoying dang rip ik Yo Robert heard you taking drugs Is this true always duh I sell prescription painkillers cheap if u guys want in it's okay man i already got out of the business once can't go back again so what are ya'll up to at tony's? whos there? simon cow Tannuo? think so Attacked by giant pears wait did u say tony has a giant pair? dang. Yee you should tell tony to comp with Robert again one on drugs the other under pressure Just do it haha sure let me know if u guys wanna game later on Will do So basically it isn't gonna happen alright, gotta get some movie queued up how was the movie? it was good hey guys hi tony hi toni i take it the skums are headed home the skums are headed home! . wow I'm back they all arrive in tandem lets all tilt together tilt ok sure like maple tilt? ;D league tilt go on discord ^ boo Robert man, you need to get some rest I just took some drugs need to stay upright lol else id be sleeping LOL see Robert on drugs confirmed o yeah man this guy is gonna feel like shit tomorrow xD tony rudy and simon convinced me that Robert was a drug addict today and I actually believed it The only thing Robert is high on is cheese they were like, Robert isn't coming today because he's grounded for taking drugs WOW ROFL ROFLLLLLLLLLll i believed them did u drink at all tannuo partly because i was drinking at that time too yeah yep there u go for that moment i thought Robert was a bad kid i can tell u were drinking lmao double standard much but then i realized they took it out of context yeah he's a bad kid for doing drugs while i drink this intoxicating liquid but they did lie about Robert being grounded i thought that part was weird because why the fuck does a working 23 yr old get grounded LOL it's ok discord ay what up boys how's the family day coming along at
whats up snake
how's family day not going feeling better? yea how are you cow good time to go to dq leggo leggo so down to get free icecream how are you feeling robert much better thx don't rly look like a chipmunk yet dats good lol soon I hear ur mostly better? ya third day apparently better yes, still sick tho are you taking meds or just taing it easy? just taking it easy hi raza good afternoon how do you do? hi I'm writing shitty essays I don't think my professor particularly cares cause I really fucked up last week and he didn't seem to notice that's good i was supposed to write about one topic for three audiences and did three for three as in one each. ah he's like damn this guy so lit he wrote 3 essays 100% it was supposed to be on how to tailor information specifically for an audience and how you would write differently about the same thing if you were writing for different people couldn't really get that for mine cause i wrote about different shit for each audience wow that sounds pretty fun more of a pain in the ass it's all about perspective yeah for example if we were talking about seto kaiba here on our team he's the the unsung hero on the enemy team he's the evil assassin I'm trying to write about digital literacy for non-profit volunteers for riot, he's a major balancing headache.. always playing the cheese i have no idea how to approach certain shit in this **** this - Ezreal 2017 ahahahaha the chorus for this is actually pretty lit anyone down for some league? oh sorry was in shower hows ur family day sgoing lunch nomz nomz must be nice to chew lol I'm craving meat rn We had ribs yesterday ooh Robert, try having a protein shake or something like Ensure/Boost or hey even a smoothie would work Yeah a protein ice cream shake you basically want to get blanket calories Made by wu tru what is boost anyways? I heard of it never tried same with boost btw cow wanna grind some ms no you too high leveled >: ( I'm 50 lol discord/ hi guyz sup bye cow so rude rude cow what a jerk i know rite jeez this cow always moo-ing anyone down for some ow orleague yeeeeeeeeeeeeee but aren't u guys maple story-ing so no league? Robert read this and didn't reply gg flop soz I was msig and dinner everyone dipped?
sickkkkkkk ? anyone doen for some gaming? depends who else is down raza & Robert duoq hype hah i said HYPE no league Zain? too many manga to read? haha nah just chilling I realized I didn't notice something about an assignment I was doing so I gotta write a shit-ton  more ah, so what you're saying is You want to duoQ with robert lol guess not rip u wanna farm some boxes on 3s Robert? tldr flop? sure naw il do it since I didn't c replies I just went back to maple lul just find me in chat if ur down discord U NoHide FromTimmy sup guys hi rudy you going to Wu's alive? leafs game how's making dinner / mpvoes movies* I wish I was going to leafs gamee please ate too much gg rip you wanna play ow? Thought we were too tilted grab more people? lol marner inj injured yup sad life ir too ir? means atleast 2 weeks REKT injuired reserve so you can add people to your roster rip league anyone sure brb back tony u there don't think so we were smash browing soz anyone down for game everyone slept gg I guess? tannuo's already in game and he was the only one around anyways gg not invited sad life :/ where were u cow lol I would hav been down for maple grinding mexico gg so sup nmnm just home from work u ditched ^ lul wanna help me cow to finish the romeo and juliet pq LOL real discord? to call you a noob >.> in a sec watching youtube going on ms doe k I'm here cow rip dced LOL I can still hear u lul mexico? (North) Korea! king of the north? north of the king? rudy did you see that ot goal from yesterday ^ChainSmokers + Coldplay waaat hypee it's okay the outro verse is really good tho second half of the song is pretty good ^^ honestly i think you could remove the chainsmokers from this song and all their beats and it would be a better song xD seet up by nylander? this is like wu's jam that was a sick song hi league anyone? sure tilt anyone? i'll join for one down btw cow did u finish the maple 5 part story thingie o.O what no what are you talking about ay nvm lol I'm stuck on a com sci q do what simon does when he's stuck any geniuses (simon pliz) have any ideas not ask simon and ask other people i only know 2 com sci peeps classmtes.. tony? I r dumb =( op it's 18 degrees outside Hm. yeah I hate it what's wrong with this cow FYI hype song btw tony I figured out that question after much difficulty congratulations see you had it in you all along LOL i enlisted sean's help but even he came up blank Fortunately through the process of discussion, I managed to figure it out i.e, the rest of ya'll are useless yup you don't have to be smart to figure out a difficult problem you just need to talk about it until it makes sense league patch hype are we on 7.4 now? maybe I won't have to restart if someone doesn't click accept sweet adc buffs idk i'm downloading something hype to not getting 1 shot oh we are on 7.4 cho gath changes too yeah cho is now op everyone start maining Cho and by cho I mean the second most awesome character on the mentalist This guy and cassio was nerfed but fervor was buffed oh Robert's around too any1 wnna play some league guess not xD IM DOWN whoops lul that makes 2 need 3 more hm that's potentially another need at most 2 and at least 1 gg no one came sadlife Gg sad life Hi Rudy whats up nice song thanks man ZAINS BACK HYPE hi how are you rudy? not bad how are you Zain and raza I'm good how was not gaming gaming gaming. I'm watching and playing mario kart why are you watching yourself play Mario kart? cao u wanna play? nah busy tonight if not, Roberta u wanna just go? or fuck it? JUST DO IT idc JUST DO ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT if u wanna play il join u come on you gotta be more committal man give me a yay or a nay ? meh play. I made the decision for him that's neither a yay or a nay wheres raza if raza comes its yay he's watching/playing Mario cart gimme inv you have invite sir thx exphion?! KIN?! HYPE ggggggg no join prbly showering cow u know u want a break so I can catch up to u in maple I'm finally fking 91 lol GGGGGGGGGGGgg go for it welp rip inv me if there is anyone else rip, flopping LOL get raza :/ RAZA DONT DITCH YOUR FRIENDS it's k That leaves me in a conundrum don't use your big words who do I look like, white/ join raza and cow y u need to study? yeah spent last night finishing up something for my brother hey guys league holy shit tannou is here finally he has come to duel robert a real man appears amongst the misers let me patch Look at that conviction did they nerf lethality/jungle/nocturne or can I still do as my name says vs. roberts I dunno maybe ^see what I have to deal with tannuo Back snowflakes ? leggo boyz discord? also wanna ow after I need boxes now he acts dumb cow no wu hav to join typical trump >.> I don't disagree with what Zain said but still can u blame me yes. nop yes zin yes lets play league? you were like should we go and than he was like like idk and I said yes for him, and he still didn't go rudy aren't you supposed to be doing something right now yeah slakcing tannuo disc0rd kk rudy join us no why you no leaguearino baited too many times pls cow take the bait please I have stuff riding on this now ?? please have no idea what you are talking about tony league? don't do it u don't have my tilt resilience you need to train your tilt resist first otherwise  you will tilt off the planet just do itttttttt listen to zain all I hear is come tilt lol I cant applying to jerbs Robert and raza want to know why you can't apply to jobs u hav a job being the dairy queen i see the comma though zZZZ kill me apply tomorrow tilt today LOL -Zain 2017 why not apply today tilt tomorrow because tomorrow is forever do what you must because you can because a tilt today keeps the tilt on for tomorrow well actually I think I already have tilt scheduled for tomorrow yo Zain I have been listening to the new song you linked which one the coldplay ? yeah ye chainsmokers makes gold its the midas touch tannuo is this you? do it tannnuoo tannuo lets fking go get that 30 fps in ow hi tony hi zain how are u ok you? still sick oh shit, I am sorry =( does it make you feel better if I said I still have a bit of a cough it's k, i don't think it was u 100% was tony don't be modest oh hi cao LOL hi cow hows le assignment going depends on who you're talking to oh Zain, whens your midterm, next week right? ya but resting tonite LOL I guess Zain dosnt want to tilt today kinda sick but I can tilt just can't talk but you resting =( truu ok zain I am down to tilt if you want lol discord? everyone done tilting already? soft tilted a bit got bored stopped tilting wassup boyz anyone down for league of tilt? or get ow boxes Where the actual heck did everyone go lol To visit the wall what wall lol If you don't know about it, you don't know about it. i can ask chains that's my right If you were supposed to know what it is, you would know what it is. you guys and your walls/chains live it must be awesome to be a member of coldplay you don't even have to do anything or show up to stuff Chris Martin just does everything and you get the paycheck oh nvm they show in the last minute full pay check for half the work ye woooooooooooo good guy rudy Well I'm gonna watch a movie soon oh yeah watched batman movie really good batman? lego batman ohh rite yee pretty funny ^ wait what yes gg anyways ya i was sick yest. so just in bed all day and was studying whole day today now my head hurts but at least i got thru damn tony got you real sick skumbag toni-ah whre is tony? wait y r u sick Zain? i thought u were all better i got better sry i don't reply i=when noones there i go back to ms so i can have no life then a lot worse did u rest at all lol or just like power through it powered through it all of last week and brain gg'd Friday night / Saturday morning well least u slept yetserday take some drugs u might need to at this point all the drugs ent to the doc got some sort of sinus thing as well from the sneezing want to play some ow / league to take ur mind of ssickness? or r u going back to rest rest sleep well and stay warm and skip work if u ahv to better to not work and get better than to suffer forever can't afford to skip work maybe Tuesday/wed Get well soon yeah get well soon! Where the heck did u go tony lol Btw Zain this is a huge month for edm Did u listen to Martin garrix new single This is us the friendship one or the enabler one I don't think anyone here supports anyone we're all too snakey so the enabler one and the friendship one but not the supporting part zain Kind of like
Gah this day sucks, x happened
Us: You suck too stop bitching about this group ^ your going ruin yourself ^see what I mean ^ He did it right there I GIVE BEST ADVICE cow good ol rudy what happened to you today? is the enabler i'm the best. ok guyz my break is up, back to work kk peace -chat dies here- work? wtf is that no Robert what part of the chat dies here do you not understand lol work[wurk]  noun
1.
exertion or effort directed to produce or accomplish something; labor; toil.
2.
productive or operative activity.
3.
employment, as in some form of industry, especially as a means of earning one's livelihood:
to look for work.
4.
one's place of employment:
Don't phone him at work.
5.
something on which exertion or labor is expended; a task or undertaking:
The students finished their work in class.
6.
materials, things, etc., on which one is working or is to work.
7.
the result of exertion, labor, or activity; a deed or performance. 
adjective
14.
of, for, or concerning work:
work clothes.
15.
shaped and planed; working. thx cos cow ur so helpful more here ^ thanks for the definitions guys what was that new song roberta I got a few more units to get through before doing practice problems I can jam to music then woah that's not a cow esque song your face isn't a cow esque song  ushould break with league zain working too hard is rip nah i league on Friday/Saturday and slack Monday - thursday sunday = soup day forever soup you guys should quit soup. oh damn, tony is going have a heart attack get him ribs he should be fine nah he's eating healthy after working out with hudson something brown rice something chicken so..vegan life style LOL -again- the heck did that noob go dunno mexico? Egypt. isis member? the states? north korea? Russia maybe he was one of the ladies that killed simon's bosses step brother so malysia? lol not really step brother, half brother sorry didn't know the full details lol probably at dq to be honest making $ damn counterfitting money is wu's hobby now? rudy y u shit talk me and eating chicken =/ because vthats what you call variety lol lol shuuu chicken breast everyday? naw chicken leg some days and brown rice gg sigh yeah like who buys that shit =/ sad people so how's the tofu diet? always tofu chat finally died? cant tell if bastion got buffed or nerfed why not both hwo does that logic work nerfed in one mode buffed in another...? I ment strictly ver lol anyone down for some ow? or league of cancer wow this chat is so dead where is everyone dunno rip exposed bastion really changed through his rework ikr still cant tell if overall buff or nerf his turret is crud now seems more verstile just main bastion and get back to me naw just get Tannuo back here and get back to u kk do it bastion nerfs incoming already lol so that answers it yep.... well not too many suprises idk you said he was nerfed hes gonna be nerfed lol on ptr hes being nerfed rn but he already got nerfed why is he getting nerfed again? ? no only once I think lul hiya just going to leave this here... so how's everyone doing? hey guys Zain how was your midterm? hope it went well it went ways LOL lol we'll find out it was definitely easier than some of the past midterms i saw and could have been a lot worse but there were some snakey shit in there but hey whats a prof without his ability to snake others there always is wow by that logic, you would make the perfect prof zain you're right did anyone want to tilt today? but you should already have tenure then? ya I'm down but in about 15 min eating just got home ok so want to playu ranked ow? I need to show you how to effectively play dps road hog naw] come on ranked csgo kill me Zain discord? brb grabbing water zain? you no hear me? god damn it going to restart yo fix his mic zain rudy go study yeah just giving Zain a task thanks rudy what would I do without u 99% less stress 1% less scummed 0% of cow's in life tru truu did I miss something 10% less snake targets yeah well there are really only 5 or 6 ppl i snake gg.... tony accounts for the other 5/4 people Robert league? rudy league? nvm rudy studying (pretending) had to shut down skype cause lag lol and I find out tony wants to ranked i played so many matches with kin man it was so fun cept for bastion bastion is no fun ?? everytime we lost its cause they had a bastion fking hell bastion is so meta in ranked now just play solder and rek him when he has 35% damage reduction and a ana exclusively healing him rockets for days if u don't hav at least 3 ppl shooting at him u cant kill lol phara is still best counter srsly tho 35 fking percent I hate phara holy and ana heals like a mother i won so many ranked games with phara Chat got ressed? ? was dead the past few days rip lol I just watched the poe 3.0 trailer how was it? good did u watch it noppe discord? rip group to path tannuo? anyone down to ow I like how when I leave for an extended period you're all still here but you just talk about the chat being dead smh oh shieet tannuo is playing PoEEEEEEE it's that time of the year rip rest of his life hey simon how are you these days sick & got cancer from work i hope the cancer isn't the sickness is it the shit show deadline yet? and you doing ok? lol shit show everyday haha I'm officially donzo work is always crazy orlly yeah is it really that crazy? yeah I mean I found dead body in client's server room on Monday morning LOL what ^true story yup WHATR
asfodpjiadfj poijJIDJPOISFIJADF iojjaoijdfpjoadspoijfjaoidf aoipdfji9a8udf90audfnsafndj WTF just a prank I walked iinto server room I found dead body, blood on computer, chair, floor wait wait explain this to me holy shit what happened? brb dinner LOL MAN u can't just GO LIKE THAT WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWTF Zain: TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED simon: peace bitches Actually, I heard a similar sad story Murder/Suicide ? wtf withholding info from us zain do tell Happened recently to a guy in a team we worked with in the States apparently stress and domestic problems :/ I didn't know the guy personally, just his colleagues damn that sucks what did you do one of my co-workers was telling me the guy was really nice he just worked with him a few weeks ago anyways let's shift the topic It's a little too dark for a Friday night Divide that was one heck of a note to brb dinner on The chained is here, you playing poe tooo? always poe never go hoe doing homework chained to schoolwork gg i know the feelz just became a caveman feels good to be free oh my chains i feel bad for you chained one you think you 'd be able to find a news report about something like that I spent 12h studying on sunday 5h on monday 3h on tuesday 12h on Wednesday 3h on Thursday imagine fitting that in you should've studied 2 more hours yesterday and 3 hours today I'm disappointed in you zain haha i'm free bitches only work is chaining me no you're chained you're all chained muhahahahahaha He's gone insane boys round up the ghost busters let's exorcise this guy o.o think you cracked raza he's been chained too long don't worry tony will free him once he's done poe MUHAHAHAHAHHAHA I'm back that was quick o.O 15min is all I need o.o you eat fast. gg good old family takes all your food if you eat slowly habit well that's how they teach spies to eat @NK lmao is that how Asian families work? in brown families different per family if you eat too slowly, you may never leave... you might die.. lo ji, aur leh lo especially with grandparents what lol translates roughly to here you go, take more! they'll just start adding food to your plate that's nice yeah basically mine stole food off of my plate and told me it was a life lessons =.= but with me it usually ended with kya? raza kha chuka?yeh baccha kuch nahin khata. with a disapproving look LMAO yeah me too rough translation what? raza's already eaten? this child barely eats wow LMAO I guess they know I like Ed Sheeran. any one of the PoE guys wanna play league or are you guys like 100% poe today pls it's PoE 24/7 time of the year POE hype Zain you should join league or bust i shall bust then what a bust never should've drafted zain anyone league? lol ?? league went bust also 9:30 is the time for the wickening so I can't anyways rip bust. allways bust everyone went to sleep? y does no one stay up on a firkin Friday night lul cause it 's saturday sleep is great g'night wow this chat is finally alive? tldr? no lol rip hows life cow havnt talked to u in a while sad life how about you? sad? how so been busy lol cant w8t for next vacation/long weekend ate too much, in coma which is? where you going? or any plans for your vacation if you say just maple, i'll be dissapointed lol not maple but veg out too much to do veg? man I just want to lay down just sleep ya be a vegetable lol no wonder you always want to you don't sleeep yeeee just go to sleep lameeeeeeeeee prbly gonona league or get ow win lo LOL are you playing on renegatdes still or windia with thony btw I'm going to sleep haven't been gaming much played a bit of poe today though you say you want to be a  veggie yet you refuse to sleep wtf robert yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee naw Il sleep soon its like everyone just got a life in the past week O.O cept for tony and Tannuo lol shots fired tony and tannuo do have a life it's called the Path life boo hi sim0n hi 2ain nic3 use of numerics Thanks I'm C0o1! yeah you are not sure if you guys heard the live one i actually really like the chorus lol once again chat dies gg do you like that chorus robert the way he screams I am before another one to take the sting away sounds so sick listening to it rn does he hav a new album? yeah came out day before Eraser is the opening track there are like 3 existential songs, the rest are all varied tempo love songs let me guess ur not a huge fan of love songs its pretty niced oe has that south American vibe ahaha i'm not there are like 3 or 4 songs that are basically just Thinking Out Loud part 2 I don't mind the faster love songs Dive, Perfect and How Would You Feel <-- just straight sequels lol like wedding sort of music I liked the sentiment of this song the best I noticed his style changed somewhat musically yeah there are some... strange choices towards the end really upbeat music where he's taken inspiration from local folk music from wherever he travelled wedding songs: Dive, Perfect, Hearts Don't Break Around Here, How Would You Feel
upbeat love songs: shape of you, galway girl, new man, Barcelona, nancy mulligan
deeper / existential songs: Eraser, Castle on the Hill, Happier, What Do I Know?,  Supermaket Flowers, bibia be ye ye, Save Myself It's actually pretty balanced sounds like album might be worth buying he put the whole thing up on youtube pretty cool if you ask me weird, when I try to access it via that first link it doesn't work but if I go to each video separately I can get there This one is really catchy I actually really like the verses but not the chorus ahaha so where are the rest of the skums what are ya'll doing? hi hey raza how's the chained hw life? sry I was ranking il listen to the album later ahaha roberta always ranking hw sucks don't let a number define u i saw a midterm where the prof wrote that on the front page before fucking the entire class ah LOL I like that guy my prof said i have to come up with a new proposal topic this morning and the first draft is due tomorrow nice seems like a swell guy yup swell indeed i think i'll write the first draft with the current topic and change it for the final fair enough anyhow, anyone up for league? don't u have to do? it sounded like you were quite busy significantly less busy when i keep the topic i already wrote half of it i'm game I'm game for leageu let's go boyz the feed squad leggoo without all the fucking pros o w8t I hav dinner il be back in 15 lul aight we will wait for u hm prolly playing path yeah leggo porter robinson is legit select roles zain ROFL ZAIN that fking title is so jokes fix your sad machine gg discord Zain? hi hi rudy how are you u so cold man </3 weak you're right simon, he is weak rudy weaksauce so are you going to be sick again? yeah, sick of rude cows eh ehh waazaaa so mean i know he is y u hate on cow but what can we do yeah cow why you hate ???I thought we are suppose to gang up on Tony tony fused with PoE and then became ToE don't worry, rudy'll probably respond by tomorrow you mean PoT (path of toni) yeah, tony started doing PoT I think he was going all code geass on us like lelouch of the rebellion tony of the exile and now he's faded away exiled* awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww shiet don't think that works either tho :/ tony the exiled maybe he was referring to my faded away oh come on get on your gayme step up your game raza lol boo this guy, bronze level gangsta rapper wood v pls do u know who the real og is his name is Lil Roberta hey raza raaaaaaaaaaaaazaa RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HI yeah? do you want to see Hell? idk why do you ask? You have one choice got free tickets? In a matter of speaking yes I do is it one way or round trip? any layovers? Those who go to hell come back scarred but they do return total travel time? 2 Minutes & 21 Seconds Alright then Here you go Hell: oh I see what they're probably gonna do oh that's pretty funny Welcome back from Hell I'll send Tannuo to Hell later So I'd rather save the surprise I see You're now damaged goods I'm sorry I think I killed Raza.. Well, shame. eh happens So how's it going Simon? peeps die when they are killed Yeah man you had to go eventually I just helped chats alive again lol also apparently path died lul yeah of course too much PoT is too much what do you mean died? server died? no like peeps were on 24 7 and no now everyones done with it lul that's cuz it's no longer the weekend dude its tannuo every day is th eweekend I would assume they would play path at least for a month were you playing path simon? or are you still done with games? still done w games so what do u do in ur free time? or its like work life gg continues his spy game study/read, programmin, sleep simon's such a hardwer just..trying to be more productive good for u man but tbh it's hard to be overly productive if you're not careful you'll burn out better than  0% productive arguable 100% productive and no lifer < 0% productive and good personality my opinion though idk how 100% productivity = no life it means you're too productive you gotta slack man have a life you only get one what if u get hit by a car tomorrow? too bad. see, difference of opinion I don't see anything well, it's not necessarily a bad thing but it ain't a good thing either i don't see why you think I'm a no lifer how about socializing? meeting friends watching movies i hang out w ppl? travelling pls if anything, i have more life than you normal ppl would argue gaming is no life well non gamers* also true cuz if you're enjoying it then I guess you're living your life so I guess your studying/programming/sleep life, if you like it, is pretty good don't you find programming fun? i do, but i also find gaming fun and relaxing and listening to music so i choose to balance idk how tilt is fun it's a matter of perspective of you're playing to win do you even code o.o you're not having fun not really anymore too busy writing pseudocode and analyzing complexity ahaha and then there's work I feel like you have a better personality for being a programmer more like dedication & passion personality has nothing to do with being a programmer Of course it does how can you have dedication and passion without personality? If you had a flaky personality how could you dedicate time to one thing because you find it enjoyable? Dedication and passion are traits of personality I guess not in the traditional way I guess a better word would be 'Character' instead of personality ^ wtf just let simon code in peace whats the big deal >.> Zain go tilt yourself brb till tmoorrow Why, we're having an interesting conversation I'm learning from Simon's approach to life and work well my tldr version = Zain judging because simon's not gaming lol and judging more because he likes to code the difference is, I like to code whereas Simon is actually passionate about it It's like how we judge you for adc I personally like understanding problems and thinking about how to solve them uhm that's more like engineers so coding is one avenue where you can come up with a simple solution to an ordinarily complex problem programmers like to create problems as a security professional i speak to my security friend at GE he's like I don't even know what's going on man yeah incompetent so many security folks at client site haha it's hilarious they are really....incompetents literally they should get fired Nah I wouldn't say that They bring something valuable to the company well if yoou don't know what you are doing for your job.... doesn't mean they are doing jack shit? The reason they're still employed is being someone finds that they're adding value or the people that hired them have no clue what their job entails and thus they still have their job ... you can argue it's a chain reaction of stupidity you mean entire management is incompetent but then Capitalism dictates that the company would go under which is true for many clients i seen too many PMs saying oh it takes 10 days when it can be done within a day i remember you saying samething to me too haha about what? type of thing, either devs, or pms -Zain 2017 I have to baby-sit people otherwise nothing gets done These guys can be geniuses but for some reason they don't understand certain things I'm like I want you to shut this equipment down, what's the utilization I ask everyday, 3 times a day, for a week they don't answer On Friday i told them, i'm unplugging it at the end of this week so they better figure it out gezzlook at Zain slacking unplug takes a miniute takes 2 weeks gg lol well your last line is literally they figure it out because your unplugging it Yeah, it's a pretty strong statement. My boss is like why are you waiting just go unplug it passive aggressive for a week doesn't work out so he just turns aggressive gg i'm like uhh yeah I don't want Canada's internet to die There's a lot of politics as well #enterpriseworkproblem I'm just like why are we wasting time on useless stuff, just make a decision It's pretty funny, it's like all these senior level people passive aggressively ignoring each other Though I understand both team's points management's fault I feel like they should just put water under the bridge and move forward okay so Simon tell me who's at fault here that's what management is for So the management wanted to close one of the redundant circuits so they told me to get a network engineer on this so I opened up a ticket and the technical team closed my ticket saying their team has shrunk by 80% they don't have the resources to do this atm So I reached out to a contact and asked him if he knew anyone that could help he put me in touch with a network engineer who spent about a month and a half analyzing the traffic flow coming up with the plan and making sure everything looked solid Note that it's a very complex system so we gave him a lot of time Anyways so yeah we turned the circuit off tldr plz and then we ran into some weird issues performance issues mostly latency etc. and while we were investigating the cause The architect team that originally designed everything got really pissed of Zain took 2 weeks to plug something off = tldr saying why didn't anyone consult them about this change So we're like, well, we tried opening the ticket but your team closed it 1. management should know if the team have resource or not
2. Maybe the management should have put more network technician (or senior)
3. management should have given you direction of who's the stakeholder 1. we did know, that's how we got the NE in the end
2. he was a senior level guy, but the most senior
3. we are our own stakeholders thx cow idk what I would do without u + it looks like architect team doesn't give a shit yeah so now instead of fixing the problem dunno which has been identified as asymmetric routing why you getting so into this not your problem they want to revert back the change management better push the request to architect team directly so wrong management decision like how you sole this problem is become managment ez zain and they want to wait another 2 months to do their analysis and then get this moving So then they spent a week debating it and changed their minds 3-4 times yeah it sounds like incompetent management really Hmm I don't think you understand how companies work Simon lol zain I feel like you're one of those people that don't know the difference between teams within organizations Like those people that think all IT guys do one thing i have double the experience, worked in many more places than you have or all programmers just program the same thing your point of view comes from one company One company made up of 9 sub-businesses i deal with both front line & senior executives yeah i been multi billion companies Yeah which is why it surprises me that you take an extremely generic approach like must be management's problem that worth more than GE, that has more sub businesses because it simply is. I don't think anyone has more sub-businesses then us... we have a stupid number of sub-businesses One the flip side- at the least the businesses within each sub-business are contained when i was there we had multiple business units that operates under their own polices everything (though my job was attempt to merge those into one) dude what.. yeah you buy the company and you try to merge into one division/department that's how most acquisition works, but it takes several years yeah does take a while they are pretty much their own business unit so i know what I'm doing, and unlike you i had to deal w executives I don't know what you mean, I deal with executives on the daily CISO, CTO level? lol yes my boss is the CIO We give a lot of pitches to all the other CIOs and CTOs CIO of GE digtal though yeah technically but that's only part of his job Technically speaking he's part of both CoreTech and a regional CIO so in reality they are like senior management of the entire enterprise is there real CTO? as in for entire ge GE's very complicated Yeah every company is complicated in their own ways that is true in any case, my boss is a pretty cool guy I like his approach to things most senior executives are pretty cool tbh generally* yeah, they don't worry about little details there's reason why they are senior' mhmm anyways i forgot how we got here but good chat dunno been drinin I think Roberta wanted a tl;dr work can be fun but it can also be hard fun w/o worrying about politics I just find it funny now xD ? when people get all political over stuff why argue about things when we can work together let's save some time because eventually we'll end up here because sometimes one person lose more than others just ... work is my policy lol not much ticks me off if it can be done do it if not go on ur phone and chill I just saved you years of your life Robert's idea of work There are a few things that annoy me When people send me an e-mail telling me to send an e-mail to someone else I'm just like face palming why didn't you just send it directly to that person and Cc me why did you send it to me to forward to someone else or Can you ping him and tell him to ping me maybe because that person want you to take all the bullet if shit happens Half the time it's the most irrelevant shit like no one is going to get in trouble over it did you tell the guy to email the other guy directly? depends on how incompetent the person I'm dealing with is if they're giving me that request if i don't help them out, I feel like they won't be able to accomplish sending the e-mail and then when their stuff doesn't get done it'll affect my projects what do you mean if i don't help them out, I feel like they won't be able to accomplish sending the e-mail what are they 3? Like they won't do it legit baby-sitting but they would send email to you yeah I know it's bewildering i don't know how your project operates, but that sounds really stupid It is It really is. when you give them work, you expect them to finish it lol. When I give them work, I expect having to follow up with them the next day to see if they've started. I've learned never to assume that people will just accomplish things on their own your job sounds really sad no one can punish those guys ? Yeah, it's usually because they're overworked though 40/hr? Imagine guys in India being paid just above minimum wage working all night With like 100 different people telling them to do things don't talk about your cousin that way breaking labour laws I'm generally pretty chill with them meh its over seas so it's fine If the person is overworked or something it's pretty obvious what's really annoying is when it's someone here and they're not overworked i just get disappointed at that so ppl here underworked, not doing job and they are not punished If they do something that delays a project timeline I just report it as fact but they don't get fired? nah you've got to really screw up here to get fired I don't think I've ever seen anyone get fired for that Usually they just won't renew the contracts uhm annual performance report? well that makes sense i gues not even FT but slacking? gg Network stuff is always a bit challenging the data/business side is more fun but we don't have a network lead at the moment and I'm the only one that knows the projects well enough Challenging because it's usually got a lot of dependencies that people don't understand well Like something as simple as a printer could have like 3 different apps interacting with it and sending it data of course the users don't know where the data is coming from So for something so trivial you have to hunt down 3 teams yes typical big projects once it's done, everyone leaves, no one knows entire picture yeah exactly @cow i just threw out a beer !! cow stab him taste so bad oh cool then WHAT oh ok so fun story times yeah it's like that beer that was worse than water that wu got Russian beer is not for me iguess anyone here want to play a game of league remember that? lol. nahhhhhhhhhhhhh i'm good In a bit raza/robert? go message tannou on steam k and Robert apprenlty i don't think cow will enjoy playing with our shitshow anymore but yesterday was so much fun bait bait bait LOL total bait Teleport 123s meh league hasne't been fun too tilting cow gets tilted too easily Teleport 122s i don't think he would have survived that game ahahaha oh man the bm raza how long were u thinking? all night long go go go 4ever Like 10 minutes Or less at this point il play if u get one more ROBERT IS ALIVE don't be a snake robert play anyways live die repeat Wanted to finish a quest in ni no kuni #edgeofTomorrow great movie but not as good as Tropic Thunder #TakeAStepBackandLiterallyFuckYourOwnFace k ready leggo iv been watching so much shark tank fun show yeah it was but i haven't seen it in years disc0rd? holy crapo this is literally next level tldr tldr hey simon how are you doing? nothing much never see you on league anymore or anything actually goldfish strikes again tldr Zain judges, Zain bitches, Zain games LOL worth, got to play games ROFL that is legit the best Zain conversation tldr I hav ever read cow needs to do this for a living Hell -bows- oh man that was the funnest game of league tldr last 4 days of skype pls? path of exile. o I'm done that game until next expansion tony stopped playing and warren died again lol already? ya Wow So what r y doing now Tannuo Back to Runescape? pls school. LOL O shit tony is alive on Poe again but no Tannuo Gj focusing on school yee tannuo welcome back seto is tony still alive or did he gg Yes hi cow waddap did you know u could hit 10K ping on league? I've never seen that before tannuo plays better at 5K ping LOL he suicides less He does he was born into the lagg He was moulded by it Dial up is op Exactly ultimate counter to tannou haha so how's life cow how was your assignment all done now or still torturing u? Never goes Never went Sad life How's class for you pretty good, did well on the midterm Good to heat Hear* proud of you Kids grow up so fast ye we do So what is up with wu He go Mia? yeah guess so He's on Poe Well was lol Gg Mystery wu Zain your on the case I'll find him and when I do I'll tell him he's a scumbag Do me proud Say it for me too I'll say it once for every Flopping, Glass-breaking, Freezing New Recruit with no ID + Chains Gg bet the waiter broke the glass cause wu was there Except I'm not sure why lucy and stan are still here He had ptsd from wu LOL THEY are???? boot Gg shit talk then boot ayy So they read the shit talk -wu 2017 let's have a vote there are 6 people minus them we need 4 votes to boot We should let them vote I think Tony's vote is a yes Silence means it's ok since he's a scumbag Tony is scum so let's say we need 3 votes to boot Nahh 4 but T0ny said yes? That's more than 50 Idk maybe we should kick tony LOL And get the two afk to vote on it nah you can't be a new recruit without tony He'll make his own chat with hookers and blackjack tldr pls Tldr kick tony? And get afk to vote too Lol Who's idea Zains idea to kick My idea to kick tony my idea was to have a vote To kick demooocrazy erm I like dictatorship better Go simon the true leader is that because you like dicks? or do tators appeal more to you? what do you think? i think you like ships uhh this convo just went wierd gj zain ships? dicks yes Robert y you gotta make things weird man I'm just pointing out what u said jibber jabber I wonder where raza is It's unlike him to be away at this time was about to suggest some league He must really be working hard curious that tony is away at the same time curious.. indeed.. tony on his secret mission the real spy anyone down for some league in bout 30 min in about 1 month Gg tony and raza ? ggnore lul raza is the big puzzle tony mia isn't that unusual mayhaps hes applying for jobs? o.O but that would explain a few things gg Did you solve it zain tony & raza that's the key I went to see logan so u went to see tony aite now anyone down? we cant do shiz without raza I'm really sleepy but i can play 1 zoo actually might not be the best idea legit falling asleep at my desk gg go to sleep Lol Yeah you should sleep then kgg gudnit wow raza and tony hanging out  behind Zain's back shit going hit the fan, duck peeps gnight Zain, know you're pretty upset! He'll get over it idk, Zain holds grudges you should watch your back i mean that's why i stay away from Toronto... but one day he'll visit you and when you least expect it he'll have his revenge :/ gonna die one day anyways only the good die young chains? raza is that you also doublelift joins tl whut wut? sauce? chains, skum, spy, kaiba & assorted snakes chains, skum, spy, kaiba & assorted chains chains, skumbag, spy, kaiba & assorted snakes CHAINS?!?!?! Mission Possible Wu All sorts of salty chains You guys seem more chained to chains than me. Am I unchained? no Then I saw his chains, and now I'm a believer! hey guys hi toni hi rudi hi robert hi raza bye bye bye rudi bye raza S'up Zain nm trying to solve a comsci problem hi Zain, good luck with your comsci problems random tony comments at random times lul yes. thank you tony how are you doing response will be given tomorrow, please leave a message after the beep tony, y u do dis lol talking via recorded msgs taking it back LOL why you guys di dis do* aye discord? kk did rogers get their shit together? nope =/ Gg seriously? well apparently they got most people's internet working but mine is still kinda laggy some times spikes dang rip ah well are you watching tl vs c9? surprisingly close yeah Tony, on WiFi or wired? wifi Welcome to Rogers modem LOL I have same issue It's the router problem ... wtf but when I first came here there was no problem Faulty Intel puma chip =/ It comes and goes Another reason why I quit gaming since switching to rogers LOL feels bad ma =/ man I don't see how this is a major life change worth game anyone? yeah buddy which game all the games kk reague of regends anyone ye Not sure May be going out to play board games you go play those board games you play them good show them the power of the chains and then No chains tho just maybe you can show them your unchained power but no it's too much they're not ready Uh huh brb shower than game The reason raza makes questionable plays sometimes is because the chains restrict his movement gg 1hr shower incommin w ye RIP whenever wu says shower = 20 hours later woke up from nap guys, where'd you go so simon, you working fast, impreaching the president eh lol LOL wow this guy only 15 hour pls yo hey disc0rd 15 hours passed already? rudy league? Roberta? tannuo? simon (jk i know u passionate) nah bit busy, i''ll pass from tilt holy shit how come I've never seen these before I'm literally dying of laughter these guys are fucking hilarious xD wu hitting skills are on par ^ pretty good you should cs again yeah man aww good itmes hey guys ? Down to league at midnight or 1 am lol roberta u wanna play now Wont be home till at least midnight lol Also watch this video bastion is b's all I see is don't go after healer and go he's op Usually ur supposed to focus damage cept mercy cause ult Bastion damage reduction doe i saw mercy in each of those clips though... And technically ANA counters with grenades but lol LOL dem charts all 16 songs from the album hit the top 20 lol ofc aye toni sup nm you? done your school work/ project? did people remember to actually turn on the server this time?> yeah looks like they broke some more shit this morning LOL but then they fixed some of the stuff seems like they have gg'd for now gged? like deal with it on Monday gged? ya Zain want to play some game of some sort? of course I'd love to Disc0rd kk any1 for league sure aye toni down to tilt some more always tilt i wanted to try kalista but probablyl sleep at 10 kk anyone else? i think raza is around but working on something Robert i think just got sad and walked away disc0rd roberttttt roberttttt ZAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN ROBERFTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT anyways playing mid ripp Zain where did u go lol hi League? hmm Zain you guys still going to work tomorrow? yeah damn alright i can play 1 its supposed to snow pretty bad tonight right? where is yugi moto Omw SAVE ME ZAIN FROM THE LAG LAGGY TEAMMATE FKING TONY IS THE NEW TANNUO tony is the new tannuo ? the laggggggggg lul literally didn't do anything for half the game because of lagg best tony na but I had a pretty good early game zac only had 1 buff after like 20 minutes see, best tony na the invades were alright then just rip cause lag lulu was pretty good actually who else was on our team lol I don't remember lol yas every time I ult the vayne yas ults and vayne dies it was pretty fun anyone for boxes? and we still lose fking hell I feel like illaoi does no dmg yeah because I wasn't in the game for half of it il game anyone else for box? in about 10 min playing overbox? much box such over save me zain this is hurting my soul save u from wat i can be ur hero rip ditched hi rudy how are you don't worry we can get boxes in a few hours please join discord for fun times and shits I don't think we canc win raza? should've said raza instead 11:45-  tony is that my door bell, brb tony's botty call confirmed ZZ Raza the Chained Delicate Flower - Robert Fu, 2017 LOLOLOL Zain I told u don't bully wat i was quoting u man propagating rumors is bullying the passive kind it's not a rumor when it's a fact it's even got a time stamp 6:50PM seems pretty legit regardless u r propagating diverting attention Let's settle this in a court of law typical trump move so tisk tisk were you or were you not on Discord and Skype at the time of 6:45PM - 7PM? Robert - YOU CANT HANDLE TEH TRUTH Don't have an answer? You know that type of people who don't have answers? Guilty people. LIKE TRUMP AND HIS WIRE TAPPING Yeah wait wu is always silent GGGGGGGGGGGGGGG I'm on ow lol... THATS YOUR ANSWER? in the law of court i'm on ow Yeah man Rude so rude not even a rude cow would support that kind of response yeah and if even a rude cow won't do it It definitely suggests you're worse than a rude cow you're a despicable cow and you know what despicable cows do? They say things. What kind of things? Things about chains and flowers. I rest my case. Take em away boyz. or flowers and chains. let judge simon have the final judgement LOL maybe he'll finally get a hair cut BREAKING NEWS: Robert Fu has been found guilty in the court of 'Raza the Chained Delicate Flower' - Robert Fu, 2017', a not so surprising turn of events since his name was found at the scene of the crime. I SHOULD join tony do it but I don't wanna third wheel him and hudson its k do it It's okay Tony loves wheels. all the wheels ^About Tony First line sums it all up lol jk Hudson diitched 1 2 3 4 all the wheels ROBERT ROBERT YOUR THIS IS YOUR FUCKING MOMENT TIME HAS COME HOLY SHIT FUCKING LEGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO REDEMPTION BEST SET UP FOR LOVE STORY-- ER GYM STORY EVER GO GO GO ENGAGE ROBERT ... IF YOU DON'T KNOW HOW RAZA CAN SHOW YOU Zain you gotta work on your english FLASH PRESS R KILL ENEMY ENGLISH IS MY PRIMARY FUNCTION wtf is this robert go gym with tony legit the most toxic room tht's what this is dude its fking 10 I work tmrw DUDE YOU SAID YOU WOULD GO Robert. You've been given one shot. One opportunity. To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment. Will you capture it? ... or let it slip? lmaooo the chorus on Wheels just started playing AHAHAHA LOL When the Wheels come down, when the wheels touch ground and you feel like it's all over, here's another round for you Dave Grohl man, the prophet. so game anyone? dinner first then game nah you going to the gym kk game? sure dicord? OW JUST DO ITTTTTTT too triggered gg Skum Wars Episode V: Skum Wars Episode VI: Return of the Chains Skum Wars Episode VI: Return of the Chains & Freudian Slips BUT WHAT WAS TEH SLIp I'll never tell It actually never happened it's all in your head ? This seems familiar Another Freudian soup or is this the same one?  (autocorrect so good) Skum Wars Episode VI: Return of the Chains & Freudian Slips & News LOL sup guys Getting to bronze You? want to spectate ^ league anyone? hi hmm i have an assignment to work on but since I haven't game with you for some time I will say yes I think raza dipped? LOL rekted life sad face lol now i have to work on my assignment ask for game then dip one job raza. LOL i spent 2 hours yesterday Robert to the rescue and finished 1/3 of a question 2 hours in one 3's game you mean that's even less efficient that our 3s game ggg idk that 3's game was toxic i had fun yeah sitting in base for 5 miniutes was pretty fun you guys could have won no fuck u i don't cheat oh that reminds me of the epic meme Rudy, you're a good player and all but fuck you. LOL oh yeah what was that about got pretty tilted some random was being wierd atleast he said I was good, little victories in life and I am a bit of an asshole so it makes sense it's because you kept missing hooks out of lane and then you stole a kill with your hook he just got tilted off the planet O YA he was bliz no LOL yep NO I HIT MY HOOKS you hit your hooks in lane yeah and thn derped around and than stole his kill worth but out of lane, especially when you were around him, you missed a few and he started shit-talking you before that always blame the cow always yeah disc0rdguyz? woah ditched gg #nolove u w8ted like 1 minute lol ur not even on gg yo I remember saying ow to zain find him on league before he gets on ow gg leggo ow I'm down nah i'm done more orisa before the nerf plz nah man i have zero chill lol did everyone dip again gg went to watch reservoir dogs since no one was around legu sure just read the comments my stomach hurts rudy? Robert u shud adc will gladly take up the matle mantle robert picked azir adc first item mobi boots going to spend a lot of time in mid/top This is going to be fun LOL have fun guys ^ anyone wanna join now? holy firkin crud parents why do you think boiling vinegar is good for sickness fking whole house smells like Asian vinegar bleggggggggggggggggghhhhh it is though... even ask zain wtf no I don't believe this shit so...you boil vinegar and....you drink it? no just sniff it I think ....one of those Asian myths lol ikr and stinks Korean myth: If you fall asleep while the fan is on, you will suffocate and die literally my girlfriend woudlnt hav lived thorugh uni well because of that myth, I can't sleep when the fan is on -.- espically when your ac is broken lol rip summer? what is AC? my family doesn't know what ac is, so we don't use it all summer long. its something those dumb westerns do what a waste its a conspiracy to take our hard earned money LOL 404 money not found always jobless anyone want to find Tannuo and play a game of good old lol? gg the azir life atleast you asked Who wants to watch ghost in the shell tannuo zain need sleep go sleep hi I'm not? nope, you said hi gg Did he sleep? Sleep is for the weak agreed SEE DIDNT LET HIM SLEEP GG NO RE was busy working on stuff what's up on sleeping right nah, but i need to catch up on sleep I've slept at 2:30 over the last 3 days The quest for sleeping is a scared trail. o.O what are you doing :/ usually it's because after work I'm super tired so to keep doing hw after I have a coffee but then I can't sleep until 1-2AM get some sleep! rip never sleep goodnite guys night! nite night Zain get some good rest before your class tomorrow everyone went to sleep? yes ggggg Roberta you stay up too late I stay out too late lol but then I don't hav sat classes u is rip i rip hey anyone around? hi whats up hey tony nm so why you no coming out tomorrow? lol going to McMaster for friends birthday psshhhh better be a good friend so anyone down for some quality feedarino? or you guys studying not studying atm should be tho LOL that feel not sure if i'm up for some feeding how bout the rest of you guys who's down to feed? mee but yeah Zain, if you going to paintball tomorrow, pls shoot this Zain guy for me. waat never naww do it!  feed in what? lol do you even have to ask don't you guys feed in ow? you cant feed in ow nah we only spread disease ... UNLESS YOU ARE ROBERTTTTTTT! Zain you're done? anyone still playing? potentially hi tannuo your yi was pretty good thanks zain better than zains? I liked your malphite thanks man lol s+ malphite HYPE Zain carry op that 1v2 double was nice tannuo game? ya just a cheese kill come discord? ye I like the new client style better then the old new one one FREUDIAN SLIP TONY FREUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUD DID HE DO IT AGAIN nah just reminding everyone TRUE probably sliped up again everyone left? league? yeah or did u all sleep lol gg just played 3 games pretty much ended on a + note I swear I'm always so late lol dat cake doe tony was so good wow not sharing cake gg I hav tons leftover bro delivery I've known you for years you know how lazy and fat I am whyd you have cake? happy birthday? its not my birthday lol or id definitely share if u give me some present nope was Robert's birthday confirmed, why would wu give Robert cake gg guess i'm not getting cake lol robert btw your so troll that picture its not my fault lol game anyone? rip everyone went to sleep how was paintball zain gg ouch you made a good call not coming LOL just got slaughtered did you wear their full body suits? so many like pro people there it wasn't even a competition LOL damn +my gun wasn't working for half of the time zz I know how you feel simon our entire time was just hugging walls and shit Gets jammed every 1-2shot pop out for 1 second and get murdered simon did you go paintball last time w me and my mac friends? is it similar setup to that No I didnt Come on goldfish lol pls spy I think if it was like 5v5 it would have been better those other random people were way more skilled and had automatic guns like wtf LOL yeah they had their own guns ofc you get rekt yeah but to make it worse they were also good / experienced switch up the teams? we're literally like level 1 rpg characters trying to take on raid bosses LOL BUT YOU HAD NK SPY It was  better when they separated renters and ownwes probably had to hide his skills yeah significantly better wow they didn't do that to start? Well they gave me made in NK gun gg....no respect LOL damn welp sounds like I made a good choice not to get rekt Zain did you get rekt as much as the enemy draven/mf? ggggg dat paintball yeah like legit on par with that rekage but not as rekt as your Freudian slip but still LOL PLS zain ? let me link a paper steve sent me that literally highlights the problem of college how leaf blowers are a metaponr for capatalism just read that shit lol whut league anyone srsly uhh you ok? dayum son that's some cray uh Robert another time to sleepy tatm legit no energy to focus on a leaguegame z please you don't need to focus on being one shot ^ just like in paintball Zain's cs go skills not good enough I read that as cs skills LOL LOL enemy so bad they are minions rip skum wars woah these guys are back on path yo is there anyway to find and delete certain rows in an excel spreadsheetthat are drastically different from the information I want? vba or just use filter? thanks yes lots of ways Depends on what you want to do Do you have an easy way to classify the drastically different info? sami's looking through a bunch of data he pulled from MTS and every so often it splits up the data with timestamps and other shit that's getting in the way of selecting all the data he needs get on disc0rd will be easier join the non-gaming chat i'll just leave this here cow... wtf did I just watch what did you not watch Deadpool lol weird as hell its a pardoy of that song in beauty and the beast never seen what is it Robert late to every party typical simon I have embraced the cancer of kench top tony was born to skum like born to be wild but born to sccum mm sup guys not even 1 response?! this chat man this chat... no one likes you peupeu pewpew my boi Robert is around Who Do You Love Roberta? TONI TONAY AHHHHH-AHHA-AHAHAHHH hi theres' 3 lol Iawssup zain aye sup roberta how are u nbnb work as per usual hbu? any1 wanna play something in a bit need to tilt with some hw first true true I'm putting mine off until I'm tilted I'm down whenever u get more than 2 lol wow racist only 2 brown ppl in this chat and u won' play with em il play when razas back lul I love brown ppl! they hav the best food damn have u guys seen Chappelle's new specials so good the king is back kay ill be done in like 5 minutes back that was not 5 min i was getting water watch that video xD k seen it lol roberta u wanna league? kk we give him 4 min k i coming inv whenever raza take the lead K rip raza died so Robert join chat so i have someone to talk to while we wait rip everyone went to sleep nah playing league nah working hypee winning? nah hi toni hi yo Zain can you help wu with something he wants to be killed sure hey guys anyone around? Sup nope nm you? Nm Dinner always eating hum I should sleep good night ppl grandpa wu Nite yeee gg no feedrino? night goldfish grandpa wu well that explains the goldfish part wtf sleeping at 7 pm lol ikr lol napping not sleeping 10/10 did not take a 2 hour nap he will be back to skum again before the stroke of midnight ah hi hi is everyone dipparinoed? imhere hows your assignment going done next step finals damn so fast discord? in 5 min? finishing up eating kk LOL this somehow works so well wow everyones awake? what a miracle yo welp time to sleep listen g'inght to that guys holy shit night nyone down for a quick game confirmed Roberta looking for a quickie have u asked toni? gggggg did he leave lol nah toni doesn't do that skum shit anymore tony reformed Yo simon isn't it true, everytime tony says h didn't do anything, he did something? that rap was meh always tru THis one is really good tho the Winston and zenyatta segways were dope the hanzo and genji ones are dope too are the skums alive rip everyone not alive rip discord? k gg gg wow now raza is literally playing on his own shame on everyone int his chat gg blame wu no, shame on you robert you're the guy that chugged a coffee at 8PM YOU HAVE THE ENERGY PLAY VIDEO GAME uh I told u it dosnt affect me and I wasn't joking lol you perceive that it doesn't affect you biologically you know that it's not possible for caffeine not to affect you Even if you've built a tolerance, the lack then of caffeine would rek you literally everyone who should be asleep isn't sleeping gg and lol I don't even drink coffee that much trust its genetics he didn't have to sleep he just had a morning class and it's morning it's true also i was finishing hw but mostly I was kaiba op don't believe you actually, its april fools dang i'll let it finish~ it's only 12 episodes 12 weeks then probably a good idea that's a quarter dang 40 years in 3 min i guess if he extended it to now it would include League & OW the second half as always is epic fuck this I'm watching it cant wait 12 weeks lol lol such willpower aot cliffhangers aren't that bad not as bad as s;g and cg what was that other show that was basically just a cliffhanger rezero? yeah i think so! end of every episode lol roberta new aot ep pretty good aye u wanna leagu sur ruday are u there I'm here zain screw that rudy guy rudy sign in on league tannuo u too lets play can we play something that involves less commitment like some good old csgo office strats oh my god cs go office strats?!!
asjdfpodijfodfjgmaojg but toni's and rudi are hrere too ya I want to play a game all about aiming when I cant even aim on anime version of csgo LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL nah lets just go on leagu but we plaaaaaay 3s ... just fuck around u play trynd LOL i play kog lets just play csgo but csgo strats I'm updating get on disc0rd boys rudy join us a bit later </3 kk had my heart attack ready to go ? no game? in game RI{PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP mronin boyz Go back to sleep u guys so lame go do something with your lives like ow comp O SHIT BOYZ TANNUO IS SOLOING ON OW WATCH HIM GET BETTER It's literally analyzing me There we go destiny looks good oh it's gonna be on pc now cool ROFL They've also planned for 'Expansion I and Expansion II' what BS lmfao fuck those guy sman ? u don't like the paying extra for the better swords i think it's really skumbag to launch the game with the intension of releasing it i don't like the model either but lets be real its the only way to make money nowadays unless your ow i doubt ppl buy boxes in ow lol nyone down for gaming? not atm tru it's not u man it's me </3 </3 apparently Rekkles popped off an ad kennen and carried all 3 games carrying the team into playoffs wow bring out the tony or raza I forgot who raza loli troll steve once and he rq jks what did u do? hi hi raza ^man this is so good 2:17 onwards, I don't even recognize it as being part of the halo theme but i can imagine it and then that part at 3min sounds so legit linsey stering is pretty good tbh we should play paintball with those suits anyone alive? yes no rip anyone wanna join kin and I on ow yea u know what I like about u tannuo u just tell us ur lagging u don't bitch about it like steve lol I embrace it that's because tannuo is always lagging it's part of his character development by the end of the season he will overcome his lag and toaster to go on to become the OW G.O.A.T LOL Look out for Tannuo no Toaster Season 1 coming to Crunchyroll soon! hype yeah Zain y u no carry the snakes to victory or tilt wtf oh thik I just saw you wu did ou just get home? lol yeah I was like at your borthers house? does this car in front of me need to break so much zzzzzzzz LMFAO LOOOL rekt oh hey its probably wu shoulda break checked you cow nah went out gg scumbag wu is that kind of driver only to shitty drivers like you rudy why you should drivee me around please no man you should run just run everywhere u guys should join ow gg maybe only if you carry leggo tannou : 'tony thought raza was free gg toni-ah hey hi toni how goes it discord? good not today boys studying alright good luck! wu is studying too studying wu study all that HS requires so much study mang I mean what did u think tony did pro magic player? no hes a pro hs  it does yeah how do you think I could get 12 wins in arena? luck? nawww i just assumed you cheated never cheat yeah he does only allowed 2 copies of a card has 3 op pot of greed The skums be quiet today ikr too quiet... they be planning for what? I blame zain O: for not being here for Episode VII lol what's up guys being scummed by zain so nothing new then? same old oh almost forgot FREUDIAN SLIP TONY how's studying? Not great, very unproductive btw Tannuo I just found sounds productive yesterday fell asleep at desk YO tannou said he was down to  run and i didn't even get that far a guy with 90 hours on sym so go ahead tannuo main sym ^ LOL stop using Rudy's version of sttudying yeah... 3 one of the 15th and another on the 20th good luck! ty study hard, nap hard, slack the most u missed snack snack always, coffee sometimes, tea maybee cow i think u will like this song but don't watch the music video like the video is legit an epilepsy trigger waiting to happen what a shitty video yeah sorta thing someone in this group would make tonys music carrer? yes his carrer op tony man i'm like so procrastinating just close skype skype isn't the problem all electronics are ILL TAKE THEM ALL my internal conflict right now stopslacking your face is procrastination! it is. rip good luck zain hey rudy wanna ow maybe later? rudy i heard you're a maybe later ccall me? discord X gon give it to ya damn what is up with these mashups i dunno man I liked the first one ^ first one was actually really epic because it's not as good that was rude ? y rnt u a tpizza zain yes lolwut that's my line peeps went to pizza I thought u were in nah man, i got scumbagged why aren't you at pizza? told too late lul welp us least popular ppl can chill here till they get back yeah man how are you Roberta? i hear you're getting some pretty sick frags in ow LOL from who still need dat sweet sweet aim training practice i just assumed cuz you're so good at the game aye naw more like peeps be trolling u i mean i never miss mcree ult doe or solder ul that's pretty good man I usually cancel both hows work zain day treated you good? yeah pretty chill man broke some things fixed some things made a interactive scorecard unplugged some cables sent some emails the usual Hey we just looking out for zain We don't want him to have the shits skumbagA has been found ??? . Tannou is ko'd hey guys want to play a game of quality tilt of tilters? scumbagB has been located ScumbagC spotted! but yeah i would be down to play a bit kk No study league of tilt is the best way to spend your life also I have 80 g quest me give hardcore studying starts next week This week is softcore studying I have exam 12th project 14th i.e, reading and summarizing lecture nodes this week is no studying day before is all the work you gotta be more proactive man remember the earlier you start the longer you can slack but the later you start the more you can slack now lol discord? o shit hearthstone client update hype everyone skum the tony? g g ? wtf is adapt Zain tannuo want to league of tilt nah kk good luck on studying zain sure, that's what i'm doing right now new chainsmokers album is out hhow's studying it's like studying so not going like dudeeeee like dudeeeeeeeeeeee like totally like omg? dude this is like a totally fucked up song but it's so good like dudeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee weirdest shit but it's so jovial dudeeeeeeeeeeeee YO the original is also really good wtf LOL makes me respect both versions so much what happens in this group stays in this group LOL so what sup guys hi rudy hi raza so far the Chainsmokers new album has 1 really good song and a few okay songs dude get we chat tannou is on it ^ TANNUOO?! why would i need we chat TANOUUUUUUUUUUUUUU to find tannou plz Just say Blue-Eyes White Dragon Tannuo stares up to the sky, contemplating, Someone is calling me. he didn't come fail sauce Yeah I didn't say he would respond to the summon Just like if you message him on wechat, he won't necessarily respond He'll just know he's being called he did LOL instantly it was amazing that doesn't mean he didn't you should get him to download the skype app ^ than you can randomly say KABIA and he'll be like yo. nah his pc can barely handle that let alone his phone nah his new phone is pretty fancy better than yours that doesn't charge half the time lol you're pretty behind on things man I replaced that phone months ago I now have a OP3T you never told me Which probably does have more processing power than Tannuo's laptop shots fired. It's a Chinese phone, didn't want to make this convo awkward it's okay if it was from Pakistan probably would've exploded faster than a note 7 yeawh  I give your phone a month and a half so why do we get ignored so much let's be real rudy this isn't a group chat TRUE its a scumbag chat this is a void I talk into and occasionally get responses from Asian people it's a reflection of my inner self a scumbag, a cow, a spy, a yes man, and a realist hos the yes man and realist what makes you think you have the other three right? .....damn true I think tannou = yes man, relaist = Roberta, scumbag = tony scumbag wu, cow = me, spy = old grandpa simon so what's up cao ignored gg so cow u wanna play a game of league or ow? dunno should we gonna sleep early today at 11 ow if we can't find anyone? sure discord? this is a void I talk into and occasionally get responses from Asian people The best line ever Drama queen Zain Did u guys go down to Hamilton today? Did u break Tannuo out if house arrest? lol prob not oh kinda maybe changed the date till after zains/tannous exams? sup. me: I think I'm gonna main hanzo from now on kin: are you tired of winning? gg .... LOL more like kin: I thought I was tired of carrying you before this gg I carry my weight broski mainly cause I don't hav comp with 15 fps not as a dirty honzo main powderpoint broski tony got rekted so hard LOL lol didn't expect that ult but our honzo was so grabo filthy hanzo mains also I killed everyone except 1 person we actually had a good filthy hanzo main and he carreid LOL so worth LOL that will be me soon i'll take 100000000000000000000000000000 rainchecks Why is it that I remember watching this very vividly I'm a 90s child am I not? Raza do u remember this shit lol gg the times when Zain talks into the void and there are no Asians t oanswer back #sadlife Yes u guys wanna play some ow 3s? I mean I'm down cow? who knows i don't think he's actually around probs just on his phone Guessed it How'd you know your writing style is different Your face is different it is. lol nice zain also steve is down if u want to play in 10 sure wanna join us now zain only if 3s not interested in playing quickplay its just me and steve so sure lol hey ill play ow uhh I mean sure but u hav to talk to zain he dosnt want to play 6's were on league now if u want in tannuo league? how's feeding good tannuo whered u go i miss you so seems like its been forever since you've been gone sup kicked myself in the heel now its annoin going* anyone down for league? also tannuo eating aafter? kk FOOD COMA 4 i go away for a few days and this conversation dies how'd your exam go/good luck! shame on you rudy I got lazy on 20th and 22nd more so shame on you toni GOOD LUCK!111 rip Zain, you were the hero we needed but not the one we deserved glgl zzzain damn right disc0rd guys? k later how's studying join disc0rd Skum Wars Episode VII: The Last Skumbags Skum Wars Episode VIII: The Last Skumbags Skum Wars Episode VIII: The Last Skumbag anyone here no . sorry tannuo i will game on/after 22nd gl zain what are you up to these days kaiba? learning bigdata so I can find a job nice big data damn what about small data he ain't about that small data :/ rip no one is here yup rip rip tldr league anyone? sure sure wu on date, Zain studying to fail, tannou actually studying why not civ LOL yes wu why not civ I need to sleep today that's why no civ nah who needs sleep? hm civ? tannuo rudy league? k i go away for a few days only 50 msgs try harder guys rip I was prepping for your funreal how was your trip dodging bullets matrix style? LOLOL broski it wasn't that bad I didn't even hav to run red lights at night so I wouldn't get robbed btw did u guys finally do ow vs ai on very hard anyone down for league? eh no can do having a heart attack this is why I need a doctor friend, c an't afford the amblunce fees yo tannou hurry up and get your phd Lol what heart attack playoffs babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy O SHIT DID WE WIN! ?! series tied 1-1 heart attack man best of y7 and raps in too down 0-1 think game tomorrow ok want to ow? or something? sure I'm down etl me finish league game ow? league? leggo cow? wanna play also what game rnt u supposed to be studing lol wanna join league sup? who's playing/ noone lol k I'm playing wut lol where du go lol tannuo league' tannuo said gg rip POKEMON? ye discord? k Wtf Pokemon? Is that a Minecraft mod yeah been playing that for a bit pretty fun yeee still playing? yeah also raps won nice yeeeee port? skype/ k Robert did you get it to work? il try I didn't yet mods called pixelmon if your wondering o thx let me look o shit tey hav megas? awesome how far r u guys Erm early mid game YES FINALLY A MOD THAT WORKS fking hell teach me how this works tony LLOLLLLLL go to evlove open league profit y league its how you use the mod hav u been playing this shit cow yeah but i'm pretty behind can u grind w/out host? and transfer your data to the host o.O no sever dependent go join condemer party 2 mutliper direct connect 10.139.180.2:49434 k O SHIZ leggo this works cow teach me discord? leaguearino anyone? kk discord who the hell is skyping lol reague anyone? pokemon? tony sint on lol id be down but LOL gg eating wow I am just a pokemon server for you yup NO no way man naw don't let cow tell u that ur a amazon prime account too I'm honest kk I can host and get more food 61274 worth oh wu want a good water type? yeah sure which one slow[[poke one more then freedom algo exam was really hard lol lol Zain when is that tomorrow XD did you do well? ohh glgl we shall see the one tomorrow doesn' tmatter i haven't even really studied for it yet LOL whut Good luck it's only 20% and a course with no real mark impact plus i already have 80% of the rest of the course i spent my time studying for the algo one first 6 questions were super easy and then the last 6 were super hard I spent about 45min doing the first 6 and then 2h on the second half lol one of those exams glgl! yeah, we shall see also you down to hang out next weekend Zain? Depends, might have work engagements on the weekend seeing as I've been mia for almost 2 weeks now rip k lol I'll let you know on Monday kk so civ sometime today? sure after dinner? kk CIV?! you guys playing turn-based sleep simulator? nice. civ? lol that's exactly what I feel are there any good civ mods all the civ mods anyways i'm good to go uhh theres one that's called enchanced ui or something like that that's pretty nice does that help you go to sleep faster or slower though? yes so sup zain chats been dead without you yeah man what have you guys been doing there was like 1 good day of activity not talking to each other LOL my exam tomorrow is MC, but the content is like syntax related no meaning without Zain ^ So it's really annoying to memorize this stuff o.O don't you already have a 80 .... because R and Python use the same syntax you could doodle on your exam >.> for different things and still geta  80 what a brown noser but yeah this group is pretty flop on things lets play civ since last night what happened to civ? -still has not played civ- LOL gg we will play league tomorrow I will play ADC it will be grand ggggggggggg KOG ALI BEST LANE EVER pug cow troll for days yep ok civ in like 10 mins perfect time for my computer to load up civ in 10 mins don't believe it ok opening civ brb 15 min it will probably take even longer flop again amen ok I finished loading lets play get tony and kin said he wanted to play tannuo this isn't how you flop guy pls ? I was loading civ lol you flop by saying let's play and then leave LOL yeah leave i was loading that's real skill no one else is on i couldn't alt tab LOLLLLLL use your phone get the skype app ^ ok closing civ, when people are on we gotta wait on my loading again wtf i'm on gg yeah just you rekt I always get owned sup? hey raza what have u been up to school/bloodborne bloodborne?! yup but you haven't even finished ds3 yet not of the same series ;D did we ever beat dancer? yeah I think I beat her after you left I'm pretty sure we did it together no? wait WAAAA we fought it together a bunch of times Another one Have you seen the anime movie Kimi no na wa? If not, you should really go watch it not yet is it worth going to watch or just waiting? worth 100% hm bakuchi dancer sounds different I wonder if they changed the pitch or some shit yeah for sure yours sounds different than the two I linked previously the one you sent me had the same issue no man yours is like 3 octaves higher LOL I mean the sony issue ah apparently I have to watch the live version with Spanish subs lmao yeah but you should watch Kimi No Na Wa i planned to The music alone is amazing a month or two ago but then we couldn't find it for a myriad reasons and then we were confused about whether or not we should just go watch it or wait to download it illegally like everyone else Nah I actually think you should go watch it for 3 reasons: 1) support the creators 2) it looks and sounds amazing 3) release date for decent quality is November 2017 ah but exams and shit? when are yours done? i have one on Monday and one on the 10th or something so i guess i have plenty of time in between So after the one on Monday go watch it ez bunch of papers tho the movie will inspire you to write better nothing quite like art to get those neurons firing to untold places uh huh If you don't trust me, trust Seto Kaiba. ahahahaha 2:25 Kaiba singing his theme from the Yugioh movie who's here flop central I was on don't even. i'm enjoying this I got ditched zain well yeah when you propose sleeping simultaor ppl sleep yeah come on in other news, paramour is still a band to be honest i never really liked that crush song o.O I liked other songs but surprised they are still around tldr you guys civ yet? never they got pissed off at you no nobody was on ?? rekt for promising to play civ and then failing to be present I am here now so Zain hows prepping for exam i dunno either get rekt or will rek I don't like memorization based exams and this is like 100% just memorizing damn sounds like you should be playing civ what various lines of code do LOL ya Zain you need some sleep play some civ I WAS ON to be honest, if I didn't have an exam tomorrow, I'd still say fuck you but you do I read fuck yes blitz you're a good player and all but fuck you leggo so don't say fuck you say fuck yes #neverforget #freudianslip leggo wu you don't need to sleep #lucyisaweirdanimegirl #setowaiba ?? WAS THAT TEH SLIP no that was the discord chat I was on last week damn just facts eh it was pretty troll so it turns out lucy is raising a family of mice to try and take over the world one's named milk better have named it pinky and the brain or I will be so dissapoointed SHE DIDNT? WTF SO LAME i think it was milk and variations of things that go well with milk but they ran away or got given away I'm not sure what the story is tbh All I know is that that's some anime level shit there no pinky and the brain lame Should've named him Ratza or Rattytouille or raza the chained XD only with battlecry TRUE otherwise no go I know next to nothing about HS except for that one card AND WE PLAY CIV kk you guys play civ I'ma do a final review and then sleep gg no fine you guy sdon't play civ have it your way jerk no ? are we playing something or am I potatoeing civvvvvvvvvvv ok load it up then would I be trolling if I say I don't have it downloaded yes wtf my civ is glitched discord? k ROFLROFLROFL so like in the end did u guys civ or not read this wall of flopping and Tannuo desperately trying to get ppl on civ its pretty jks anyone want to grind ow boxes? naw already got box Gg snake robert rip wu WHUT WHY WHYYY because you like jalapeno miss vickies? lameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee get some recently? nope rip should buy you some noty yo so rudy plan this thing next week? no your job we going to Hamilton to get fried food then we going to board game caf? I am totally down to eat 2 meals at Hamilton, theres a nice german place LOL but not sure if the other are nice. see planned. up to game or you leaving? that feels when u get a penta with sol and still lose wtf get a penta with sol Robert what crack are you smoking LOL dude I just did and it was like 70% me DRUGS ARE BAD sureeeeeeeeeeeee I believe you i am leaving cow gg gg rekt How'd it go zain not too bad Niceuuu Time to civ to sleep i go Night night nananana batman hi hi Hi ...hi? Flop what are you talking about u were one minute too late 100% success i said sleep and I slept I achieve my dreams Flopppppp you broke the 23 minute cycle do either of you guys remember why kai was so emo? and raza I asked this earlier, not sure if you gave a response, but do you remember watching this in Pakistan? see civ didn't happen, league didn't happen, flop group is flop only Zain isn't flop but he's always sleeping This is from the 60s, why was I watching in the 90s I watched that too yeah because they showed some old stuff on tv sometimes but I feel like Spider-Man didn't come on tv that often so what's up guys u wanna do something? flop nm gimme 15 rudy man why u gotta be so rude don't u know i'm human too fine 30 </3 So when did Kendrick Lamar become such a popular artist who I don't know what I'm listening to but a lot of songs off his new album hit the top 50 join disc0rd to chat before cow gets here hey guys sup CIV FLOP HYPE nm just 100% not farming pokemon you? LOL civ leggo kk lemme message tannou k gg he just logged out of hearthstone without responding feels bad man LOL rekt gggggggggggggggggg soo... pokemon LOL sure discord? kk he probably just needed to change locations you know don't speak ill of kaiba he will beat you in a children's card game but will he adhere to the rules? haha rip zain he rip'd? irip rip c9? rip huh reappppp? hi toni hey zain how was your exam good how was your being tony? good good being lazy as f nice u wanna jump on disc0rd? k can you guys hear me on discord no yes] flop whnever you guys give me shit for not pressing r on tryn look at c9 vs tsm game 5 jensen gg LOL why didn't you press r civ? LMAO league? we were talking about that in the disc0rd chat jens0n = tannuo confirmed brb dcing for another 30 min gg went to washroom everone dipped back league? maybe later leafs up 1 - 0 hypeeeeee annnnnd its tied ... i'm toos tressed LOL go out for a run destress rip damn. well was a pretty good series yeah sure CIV? reague of tilt? yeah it was caps in 3 already tilted can't tilt more please good you are prepped to play reague of regends FINE THAN WE PLAY CIV how about some overwatch 3s? chiller LOL OW 3s WORSE PLEASE tony ahh disc0rd anyone down for some gaming? hi robert do you know the band Thousand Foot krutch? nope what kind of music it's like alternative rock/metal but it's a little bit like rap-ish rock it's not actual rap but it flows/rhymes pretty well I think you would really dig them, they're a Christian band too pretty big one, i think they're Canadian as well lol I actually never heard of link a song I'm surprised k u got me fam I used to love these guys broooooooooooooooooo this is so 2005 wow this sorta sound takes me back I'm not a big fan of their most recent stuff last album of theirs I liked was the 2011-2012 one I was binging on some old avril lavigne  stuff too send a song oh avril lavigne he was a sk8ter boi she said c ya later boi YEEEEEEEE That was the first song I memorized love that one I was watching her vids too fking hell just look a the phones in those mvs LOL Hey their new songs aren't that bad ^not these ones I linked listening to their new album Exhale I used to listen to a lot of Skillet, Disturbed and Metallica back in the day lol now those I never listened to or I did and just didn't know the artist you never listened to Skillet?! that's like impossible this was my favourite song back then i actually dontt hink i did nope lol ?! have you ever heard Alt-J? They're like the hipster band if u know a hipster that doesn't listen to this band i'd legit be pretty surprised I don't know any hipsters lol r u one that I wast aware about in uni nah just a ster gg btw do u listen to mumford and sons best parady yeah have u heard the Marianas Trench parody of pop songs? They poke a lot of fun at them nope I'm a trencher doe so I should check it out haha that was pretty good watch the video, it's great really listen to the lyrics, they're pretty great o this song throwback man its pretty good never got popular doe yeah the video is super NSFW tho naw bro this one ^^^ all to myself josh ramsay dosnt even strain his voice The whole chorus is him straining his voice not high enough great song doe so did u wanna play something Roberta? sure 3s OW? yee box grind up c if Tannuo wants to cancer too i don't even play for the boxes i just have fun in 3s XD I think 3's is really well designed for bite sized fun ctf is cancer random heros is lame join? tanuo said sec back zain u here and zain once again dips #zainafk lol rip everyone diparino all the time tony come league with us #losing kk inv rip rip toni rip? yes rip toni Toni just doesn't like us anymore *he doesn't like u literlally just saw ur msg lol on discord o sheit join u pzain? eating 10min k its been 11 minute s times up yo my bad we invited u lol no skumbags? where's rudy at man need his carry we knows... lol love what they call hanzo Zain discord? Anyone want to HOTS wth me to get the oni genji and officer Dva skins Tony will get hot with you >. > U know what I mean Gotchu U can play hots too cow Try it and tell me what it's like 100% not playing pokemon right now Gg ? might join in a bit but aren't you leaving soon? lazy shouldn't you be prepping.. I don't know what to prep for he didn't even explain what job requirements I needed LOL typical aol you want to watch arena draft cow? Uhh I'll pass washing veggies LOL what still drafting? yeah 10/10 should specrtate and judge more often u still on pokemon I need to grind some more anyone want to play some quality league of legends or overwatch I'm on league join? who else him and steve i like how he asks while he's still in game aka he's given up LOL yep u should spectate watching anime which one catching up on gintama last season so good who wnts to join i LOLOLOL inv me ow? for box join disc k Zain? lol u just came and ditched ye wanna join us for a game steve left so we can 3's sure 2 min watching something funny hey tony wanna host pokemon gg I am just a pokemon server to you ofc not ;D but u r good at that you are literally just a pokemon server to me LOL Zain pls I thought I was just a froidian slip to you k server up 54692 thx so wahts up tony howd u rinvterview go its tmro good luck toni hit them with your best shot fire away thanks LOL you mean get fired b4 I even get the job rip how do u ride a pokemon again? send pokemon out right click fk me I still don't hav a flying pokemon sigh get a flygon super easy ggtilt or magikarp rekt no I have a flygon he can fly I got 2 flying pokemon on my team ya but u cnat evolve how do u even fin done get it already evolved WAIT WHT IF YOU DIE YOU LOWE YOU LOSE ALL YOUR POEKMON WTF SRSLY HOLFOJEWIJOFJAFOIHVQOPNFPQJFPWRPGWOHEFOI no you don't lose your pokemon if you die oooo nvm lag lol why is there a pokeball floating in the air??? and I cant seem to pick it up donno Lagg holy OLOL I'm so tilted Login Robert dies to lava robert rage quits LOL what happened fking hell died once in nether cant find spawn again gg o.O LOL -200 600 sleep in the bed dioscord? sure can you noth earm E? wow i start my own world find tons of good pokemon get on discord you fool naw i hav to sleep in like 5 wowow night gg wow this dumb luck int onys game finds nothing in mine find mega x charzard mega y and a mega venasaur gg but did u find toni LOL all 3 of these are super common what are you talking about robert I find them all the time league anyone? sunday everyone ok? yee anyone down to play some hots i think that's a no  rip Tony how was shady place? super shady like rudy shady? like rudys food shady call? sure So tony chill tmrw? sure when anyone still lurking around sorta Holy shit you alive he has his R unkillable LOL GYM That's a good idea... I went like 5 times... We ne hundred dollars a visit rip Anyone still awake yeah hi away from my computer so let me know to league. Wow u guys r usually asleep by now Lol Tan u wanna chill tmrw U should come to gym with us Or we can Tony's house and play Pokemon like the nerds we are LOL I cannot gym, can hardly run for 2 minutes without dying Exactly y u should come lol I'm not much better i'll come when I regain my stamina Come after Is cow free? We can play haunted house without Zain sure when sick whenever peeps be awake? Lol wake up, gnight lol rudy you awake No I said good night Reading comprehension please lol partying till 9 41 damn Who do I look like, tony? no tony would have slept at 12 but rudy on the other hand
party all day cow endurance like a bull so tannuo u coming today you are going to hav eot call him gg srsly.... whatever we do it prbly will be better than a day with parents doe Wechat hin U call him did anyone call him? nope I don't thin k lul Uhh I called him on wechat Didn't respond just call his cell lol y wechat cuz he's chinese See zain knows what's up Wait zain you comming out tomorrow right JLOL only fobs use wechat and he is you're not Chinese robert you don't understand Yup more Asian than Robert confirmed you go to Church while he prays to Zamorakian ggggg LOL His phones dead did u call his house or something who the hell dosnt charge their phone overnight lol People would good batteries with*8 Wu did No answer so much more creative than the original here's another idea, go to the house and throw pebbles at tannuo's window yee Zain rnt u supposed to be out yeah i gotta be somewhere at 2 and then downtown at like 4 Gg so fancy Holy shit tannou was out Why he didn't respond Ggggggggg ROFLROFLROFL Tannuo out wow Yeah and I was not invited but tannuo out whatttttttt had to visit the Lumbridge Church So bm he's down  btw yep when uwanna go cow or r we gathering at ur place play some ping pong in my stead Half a hour or so to my place k address? txt it to me plox  Got it? >.> jerk Last I text my address to you Hy you gotta be so mean Text before you leave btw k time to play ranked rntu  u heading over to cows yeah its a 10 min walk also Robert you want me to bring board games? sure ok then we might have to drive to my house should I bring wii..... all my games are there naw but Mario kart doe we can play catan actually fair ugh lol your controlers don't work ..... no they do lol stank has catan here I was using them easter all 4 work lul PFFT nope catan sucks don't believe haunted house? srsly I brought to faiths house no faith now il bring to spite u and when catan gets boring which is like rn sure lug it around hf so are we going to rudys house still haven't eaten lunch yet lol yeah lets go to cows house so flop lemme know when Robert is there Here lol Was here 30 min ago cow and I didn't check skype oh ok did you pick up tannuo or Where the fk r u No lol LOL 1 job robert 1 job go pick up tannuo while I walk to rudys house He said he will be a while lol Robert: I want to be your lady friend rudy. Wtf I don't think your allowed over tomorrow Sorry . .. yo sup Bup so when we hanging out at cows tmro Never Too messy gtfo didn't u guys hang out today? we need to raid his cheese again dat was some good cheese and good goose too still dizzy from the shots gg yeah we did zain not sure if you still want to hang out tmro tbh not really lol rip floppppp other than adding me not sure what value there is for you guys we can hang out in a week or 2 yeah we can really hang out whenever i am pretty sure we wanted to watch kingsman and guardians WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I mean LOL gee garn willkers Except for rudy darn* he can't hang out whenever kk doesn't even adc in league smh is it one of those movies where I sleep LOL yes and tannou LOL every movie nah is such a movie get to skip sushi buffet so worth good flop zain no need to run tomorrow either since we aren't haning out still running rudy nope running was in lined with hanging out was lined with us eating 500000 calories of food worth yeah honestly rudy you should just sleep alright i can go work on muscles tho like tannuo in a movie theater TRUE so sup ceiling k shower aite so sup zain how was chilling with fam wait why did we hang out today o.O LOL LOL after hanging out asks y we hang out yeah screw you Robert, forgetting people tsk tsk like wu has a excuse, he is a goldfish >.> so when are you fighting tannou 1 v1 him on rust? k well going to sleep i was out with friends today if we are not hanging out we can civ tmro GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGg you were afk from chat so you're not up to date kk good night guys! rudy, run at 10 basically long story short tony is a skumbag but that was already known so it's more of a fact than a story night sad life yeah, it was all tony's fault oper usual yes I remember it like it was just yesterday because it was yesterday. But anyways, so yeah nm is up Went to a super sketch Pakistani-Chinese-Korean food court Probably the most sketch place I've been to in Canada probably good food? yeah food was great but ambience was just weird knew it more sketchy more better the food dunno what they put in but it sure tastes better as you walked in, you felt like you were being teleported to an alternate dimension where brown and Asian people co-exist with all of their cultural things they normally try to hide on full display aka, it went full sketch Hopefully I never find myself there again we should go tomorrow i don't think i saw a single white person it's like they just took like a plot of land and decided they were going to re-create their countries inside with all the smells, pollution, cheap rip-off items and barbers So worth we have 3 here quick ow 3s? nah I'm going to sleep too tired Same u Roberta and cow can play nah play hots I'm on hots played hots till 230 in the morning gg lol nice game nice nice nice! NICEUUUUUU nice? hi raza hi zain How are you doing? meh that sounds pleasant . oh tannuo is here sup civ? civ? lol olol LO rudy where you at Hiding cold oh you are here so no civ? Gimme 10? k time to get food gg can we at least start up the civ game so we can come back to it later no yeah sure lauching right now where are you guys launching same same sup yes Zain did you think it was going be ez? yes sad life you doing school again in the near fturue? right my game froze lol gggggggggggggggggggg loading ^ ye thought it was going be ez famous last lyrics nvm its loading now join discord? THIS IS THE ONE that I was like wow ^ mine was Fire On the Mountain well that was also the first song i heard from these guys which is why it stuck with me havn't heard of it actaully Wait r u guys actually civijg LOL freaking robert I blame you but yeah but tony's afk gg we got forggtten Ggggggg Flopflopflip oh not a bad song at all ilikei t yeah this was actually the first Rob Thomas / Matchbox Twenty song I heard nto abad song to start off at eh wtf whered u go ... rip robert I went home 1993-2017 0200 - 600 fking interwebs discord fixed itself fking gg sure o.O wait eveyrones just gone lmfao LOL where did u go kin left food? I think zains around Tannuo is were on discord lol ya i'm just going back to listening to music yeah better than listening to these guys ripgg oh rudy that's kinda mean man anyone wnana do something lol cow play endless with us what happened to everyone did Roberta kill them? going to get food now game after? sure yeah sure sure aye even raza is in k guys anyone hi toni . hi what do you wanna do? hi game anyone I feel like I'm talking into a brick ball not a brick wall? shame shame kk everyone come on league so we can clown fiesta? tannuo rudy? T? R? coming rudy? RUDAII disc Oh yeah robert don't throw out the old container and pass it back some time rudy join Eating eat while gaming game while eating FUCK U GUYS blame wu ?? I sleep tired night ROFL wtf happened and how the hell does kin leave the group at 4 in the morning wtf That's a great question maybe he just woke up in the middle and is like fuck theses skumbags inc rip adc in midseason 2017 With new Maokai, zac and sej all designed to murder the fuck out of the adc YES now adc will be mine MINE zac not rly sej got nerfed tbh anyone down to get dva skin sej got nerfed? she can aoe stun the entire team via another melee character lol its what steve told me They basically gave her braum passive and he mains sej except it procs through other champs I thought it was just a slow lol It's a stun but it has to be activated so I guess that can balance it If the cooldown is less than 20-30 seconds then rip if she has a trynd or yi on the team everyone's fucked its time for tony to main sej so Tannuo can be +++ hahaha I think maokai is scarier though You can't even flash his ult if you're in center but its so easy to dodge or body block if u hav some tank i don't think you can body block it you might be able to outrun it with level 2 boots o so its name ult cept root I saw the vid i thought i twas just like 5 skillshots side by side anyone downt o play a game with kin boxes? nah sorry Roberta Not tonight its k zain kin and i will be butt buddies by ourselves </3 ....welp ima just leave have fun guys That was awkward... I guess somebody should add him back I think he's expecting somebody to add him back or maybe he doesn't want to be added back...? I shall respect Rudy's wishes. LOL ggggggggggg I'm a good friend unlike u robert Robert, apparently rudy left because of something u said what did u say to piss off rudy? ......... nothing lol .. ?? rudy is tilted confirmed? also everyone dipped for league? 11pm weekday too late for moi also kinda sleepy today we play tomorrow ! kk rip no lol L
OL what happened rudy left? also civ? civ am I right? after Robert was talking about being butt budies with zain tannuo is not here tho we cant civ I thought I was intruding 0 alright I leave you guys alone see Zain? lol whos zain dat new herald doe o shit league took the quest system from hots interesting interesting yeah except league isn't garbage it's trash quest system? wasn't that always there? Zain league of regends? oh never mind new/future patch things hi toni uh sure Disc0rd? come we playing hots for skin which skin? holy shit infinity edge 200 gold cheaper trondomare op gg and lol support item quests riot copying blizzard tannuo is awake? totally called that hey guys? hi game anyone? sure discord? in 2 min sure tho apparently I may have incoming dinner nevermind incoming dinner is distant rip never dinner so we playing or not? yeah tony just died though so yeah that's a thing tony cume tony ~=tannuo? wait tsm is losing to wildcard region??! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL lol the gap is closing! oh ma gawd man that's depressing tsm did win 3/2 though people were saying this viet team played like the old m5 see hero kill hero ooh gotta watch it then lmao bjergson in the post game interview his voice was so hoarse you could tell he was screaming all game randomly got 3 packs worth yye so are you guys watching guardians on the weekend YES w8ting on that shit forever any one interested in imax? my other friends don't want to do imax... but this movie looks like at the very least it's going to be nice visually imax is like 30 dollars bro idk if that's worf dude I am so down for guardians $20  nothing is $30 Down if it's saturday But tax zain taxxx naw rudy you can just pretend you are a child 12.99 for you if you do Sweet when r the showtimes ji thought imax was more expensive lol ye so whats up guyz guiiiyz just had pizza with a lactaid tablet already regretting nm made ribs super good rest in paece rippp gg best conversation ever I know right anyone want to play a game? hots ? damn hots robert got the hots for u tony ayeeeeeee .... real zain Yes So what's the movie plan LOLOLOL let's all get on disc0rderino first one in is hots for zain leggo I'm not in the room lol =( u can be tho take the honor cow I almost typed homo lol hes still alone guys cmon don't treat our token minority this way Zain rudy and Robert are just jerking each other off in the skype chat ... OK DERE should I leave you guys alone tony said it's Roberts fault for doing disgusting things in a skype chat lol is this leaving a fasionable thing now time to bash tony where is this located btw hav u tried Jamie oliver's in square where is the skum who knows O.O btw zain where do u dl kimi no na wa u gotta watch it in theaters the downloads that are up now are cam rips and when will that ever happen lol and all of them have bad frames end of this year shit now I have to w8t lol it will be released on Blu-ray I think it might still be on downtown If you wanna wait you can, but it's legit epic I would suggest going with your gf I was thinking about it she isn't big on anime but I think its worf yeah it's worth hey guys sup wu also Robert I restarted a pixelmon server because theres a patch everything is fixed now, did you wanna play sick il join we have nothing literally nothing time to start the fking lvl 5 grind again zzz so tilting discord? sure this time I might be able to catch up w/u lol k rip everyone ditched hi hey zain hows your food worth the walk? ye nice and full now lol gamearino? sure dis c 0 r d Yo this dim sum thing seems like a trap Think we should all ditch just in case so erm what happened tony u said u were going so tannuo rage quit ?? wtb roberttttttt and kin ? Ggdimsum Well I got babysitting in the morning so I don't know if I can get there on time ooo... babysitting? Yeah did it today too gg your nephew or neice Nephew And he lived little things in life eh want to play hots or you heading to bed I'm down for hots sry I was watching stream WOWOWOWW kk leggo wait what when did u play hots ALL 5 LEGGOOOOOOOOOO FOR THE BOXES BRO this game still sucks IT'S COWS NICE BROTHER Btw faith confirmed coming this will be interesting Time to expose robert so 2:30 rite Their website went down Seems legit aight i'll see you guys then text me if the plan changes lol always a good sign when website crash I go there every year it's not that bad Other option is bliss on Mississauga road. It's pretty good I know the one in sqr 1 is super bad legit would not eat if it was free bad can I just not come to the movie really don't feel like it i'll pay you back ain Np we literally bought you the ticket give it to a random person ok fine i'll come when is it 4? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL dat Tannuo dip id totes get it off u if I had time Zain is hitting on his barber so he might be a bit late gg coming son wu? soon* you guys eating first right? think so ye whos coming to lunch not your bf ^ whos my bf lol u guys going now? kin getting a ride no clue sure yes gg don't want to be the first one ther ....... just go for once in my life NO I REFUSE TO BE THE FIRST ONE AGAIN WELL TONY IS HERE SO YOU BETTER GO (not really but go) >.> did cow HES HERE SOON he said hed be here rightn ow so go go go go kk leggo r u picking up Tannuo? or CAN HE DRIVE HIMSELF NOW HYPE o.O not even driving Tannuo? man I'm so tempted to pick up tannuo with faith don't think he wants to go eat? truuuuuu just simon and u guys and Zain? yeah but zzains going be late well he might be early at this rate I thought tnanuo didn't want to watch movie but wanted in on lunch O.O is it cash only no clue I have no cash LOL rip dis tony so slow k meet u there in like welp 2h when everyone shows up want to check if its cash only seei 'm a smart man I ate I'm going to pick up a snack rn LOL what a fatass just go we'll see you there also if u get there early don't sit next to the bathroom dude just go hes here go gog og Going lol hi guys hey i see one skumbag is already on hots sup hi seto kaiba i killed you like round 2 rip tannuo think it was 1 turrn actually we had misaligned incentives worth killed tony anyone down to play something or all just going to sleep? 99% sure you killed yourself tannou 1 game reague there? i'll pla y a bit need to put in lanundry sure league just let me restart comp 2 min k I'm so done hf boyz Done so? donzooo DUDE I JUST NOTICED THE MOVIE HAD A SOUP GUY whats good rudy cao are you around bro? BROO? Nope sup Flight delays sucks lok yeah dang are u at the airport nope waiting for my dad to call he calls around when he goes to get luggage and its around a ~15 20 min drive so we get there on time yeah true really cause fam is pretty cheap with parking XD cow did u ever listen to led zepplin yup did you somewhat Someone recently linked me to this It's a new band inspired by zeppelin styles pretty much hear it right awy lol haha have u ever heard Cold War Kids I think they play on the edge a lot I just heard a couple of their songs today and i'm like 100% sure I've heard these before but like in the background yeah heard one of their songs that one LOL only one though So Tied Up is also really good oooh this one is really nice never heard of it o.O not bad dat bass dat ashe LOL am I doing it right? yes Rudy's in a smooth mood always didn't know snake was a mood ssshhhh but why does he want his red door painted black hide the evidence please kk goodone LOL just listening to it #autoplay ahahah same since tannou enjoys the music so much LOL i was just listening to the chain my turn btw more for Robert than rudy but this song is so fucking catchy dude yup more for roberta the chorus is pretty sick tho it's got a house/edm vibe but has no electronic elements which is pretty cool fair enough I know that song It's not bad not my fav tho I'm a huge Edm sort of guy always blast BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
who is a fan of Edmonton? As in... the city? The city is lit LOL no wonder you wanted to go to detorit anyone down for ow boxes sure rip group u replied an hour after my msg lol hardly my fault atleast I replied ^ I'm on hots with kin if u still need dva i'm good forced Zain to suffer with me ggggg LOL so sup nm hbu? still boxing? lmfao this ana is just boosting me as lucio LOLOLOL yeah want to join or nah/? sure leem go on for Zain and his mood yesterday. 49741 10.139.180.3:50107 aye guys guyzz wassup what are these strange numbers did cown tunr into a alien yes what up roberta Where da Raza at With Battlecry What a swell guy anyone want to play some leageurino i'd like to but I can't exams? assignments? yes assignxams? yes xignments? mhm good luck one of my exams is literally one of those another week or two? 1 well 3 days tbh gl u can do it il play if someone else plays no one likes us roberta rip or everyone else has lives raza 3 days to die confirmed or 3 days until unchained with battlecry Pheasant egg robertttt LOL THE PHEASANT EGG I HATE PHEASANT EGGS We should make some next time Suits you hating them? yes yes indeed ahaha Raza's OST: The Chain nice! d2l anyone ye dtf but tannuo ditched raza has exams rudy is watching his washing machine simon is studying and tony is a skumbag Amen really interesting Just busy a bit watching it worry english pliz what? lol I didn't get what cow said at all he said he's a bit busy watching his washing machine No clue but yes I blame auto correct fking tannuo brood war is free now blizzard being generous ... weird What did tannou do to you now rudy Sup Robert doesn't consider me a better friend than you and tannuo like whaaaaaaaa Wow get rekted i know right So rekted I'm like the only person here that actually replies to him smh Didn't know robert was so savage I reply eventually bet he even considers raza  a better friend report this guy 
He went there snap crackle pop Well I don't think you've been over to his house before Maybe that's the criteria yo don't bring the rice krispies guys into this! lol id just rather play with more ppl what did they ever do to you?! fine u know what if u want to play rn leggo leggo! Not the same That's a pity play lol dude I was in hots already id rather just fking play hots in that situation Holy shit hype ez win we just went 9-1 in overwatch 3s box collection service I don't belive it no good loot tho Not even one legendary? negative anyways, heading to sleep for now chat tomorrow Night goooooooodnit You need rest wtf they still alive tsm ... Throw sm? tilt sm so why is this chat so barron Wu scummed everyone u guys always afk Zain is mostly around I'm always around and cow raza kinda around tony is like wayyyyyyyyyy gone wtf I was afk for like 3 days interviews? nope sleep ... Gg discoprd robertrt wheres tilt enemy adc these days Tilted Heavy by LP is also really good heavy is nice hey its zain hey it's me, zain hey zain you planning to rush a or b? hey guys hi hows your English essay shitty Get wu to write it He is awesome engrish skills aight done submitted but now I gotta play hots with an old friend sami and he's not old I'm not saying he's old, I've just known him a long time. old ja nai, katsura des ka this is such a bizarre but fun song Just when you think you've figured it out tony? ???? Robert? ? Rudy?? Zain??? have fun I can't take care of a kid teach the baby how to league Truw he will carry us One day give him 2 years Not bad once he develops basic motor functions he will be better than robert He already know his abcs i bet Robert doesn't know his abcs fuck do i even know my abcs...? my nephew can teach you for a fee probably a cookie or something one day kk goodnite ONE DAYYYYYYYYYY sup? oh NIGHT next time that's up night lol uhh I'm pretty sure I know my abcs Zain I'm not so sure u know how to bitch tho I can testify i love it raza are you done with your assignment? Never done Still have not seen robert sing his abcs What does the a b c d stand for huh huh stands for robert S stands for snake aka zain nah i'm just a nice guy Ok there =( hello babysitting again? Nah that was today Had to wipe his ass cause he decided to shit sad life =/ Rudy has become a house wife But ordered him his birthday present real world experiences congratulations! nice Hopefully it's the date I think it is eh it'll be fine Sad life eh so what's happening tomorrow? Atleast he's potty trained so it's less messy Some bs workshop oooh what are you working on in the shop Half the fun no? I think you should know before you invest time into it nah no fun if you know Too late I'm commited the surprise is the fun part Just like league wins gotta go for the base race every time never committed So sup zain nm sleepy And how do your exams go Go sleep lol i think you guys ask me that every time I talk to you No that was to raza Not everything is about you gosh ... you clearly said my name Nah you had your exam ages ago Please Raza just had his no? See context matters =( y u do did rudy Trololol my laptop died and i forgot to charge it. exams went alright Robert you should watch doublelift play zaya holy crap it looks so op Sad life Need coffee ? Zaya OOOOOOOO Xayah lolololol I was like tony mang what are you smoking btw tony in the majority of those games he loses even when he is wrecking I noticed he plays amazing but even when he trades the damage certainly looks underwhelming I mean if u were to give doublelift jhin he can prbly do a lot more more kill potential in lane more dmg in teamfights Doublelift: Let me troll, I'm playing Xayah. Okay it's not even that troll, it's just that I have a terrible win rate with it lol to wuote kin the champion just needs buffs yeah man so hows life zain y u not out this sat cuz i have no life but it looks so sic wha tlooks sick? double playing zyra or zaya or w.e xayah lol yeah right zarya where does this z come from I literally thought u ment zarya on hots so hows it going guys anything interesting yeah i heard you were a skumbag toni ?? disc0rd? kk For you roberta Sos Send food My groups horrid sup? razas comment just there in cyberspace alone sorry had to destres got a issue ---> agreed on the way to discuss it ---> skipped a step ---> did something competly differenet i'mso confused this guy making me repeat myself 100 times saing the same thing as I did around 10 mins ago rip u teaching pppl rn right they all slow? no my group mates rip aye rudy best gorup na can i be part of your group oh my fucking god 8 weeks of this bull shit i know how to repeat things 10 min later too they want to meet like 3 times a week twice in person on time just to submit HOLY aye rudy sounds like u having fun wanna do something I wish in like 10 mins I gotta geet together with my group yee to decide on how to split parts on a 10 min presentation not worth anything =.= zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tilt after? yes wait might have to actually prepare a bit i'll see I don't know what the parts are assigned to who ---> leads to 10 mins in chat of no chat sounds legit no worries just ping when done well mentally donee think i'm just grumpy haha so tilt? or still in a chat? yeah waking up so early LOL yeah just got in chat riip like what why how hard can this be meet at 8:30 turned into trouble shoot hang outs because someones skype doesn't work... =.= ahahahaha disc0rd apprnelty firefox doenst work ==.= idk I give up rudy sounds pretty tilted i think it'll take a hour to figurie out discord too I learned that hangout sucks lol mhmm no wonder google plus never took off lol I can't tell whos who LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL your group sounds more dysfunctional than ours its all brown people can't tell the difference rudy you should know better it was auto filled NEVER LUCKY next time i'm trying to be fair and they try to screw me over lol gg what is this thing ur at anyways cow like a tutoring thing? no a 8 week project with a presentation at the end and ur teaching nope writing case presenting case oooooooooo my groups just retarded so I hav to repeat myself 1000 times they sound  so derpy right now i'm just ignoring them Yo Robert you know if ou sell fish that is a bit containmated with hazardous materials, are there any regulations like putting up signage? -ignores group- writes a word -that'll work- sigh this is why you never soloQ save me zain only one way out u gotta shot call I KNOW WTF FML so league? nope still trying to figurie this out apprently LOL soz lol I was sc2 gl cow what coruse is this? rest of skumbags wanna play? sure Raza/Robert/Else? HOLY SHIT SHOOT ME capstone 1 I'LL DO IT RIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPp RIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP legit they are like how to conclude and i'ml like this is how and htyee are like blah blah blah no like no concerate reasons why no just no =.= LOLOL u didn't get to chose group? I feel for u bro AND THEY REPEAT
WHAT I SAID HOLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY HOLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYy i'm like inter department relationships they are like nahh we need to align the departments like 5 mins later FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU just don't contribute and like let them work it out themselves nah you pass fail with group might as well get used to this now I gotta go try hard RIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP its like I explain--> someone else explains --> someone else explain ---> guy still confused ---> explains even more ---> so how do we do this (been telling him for half a hour) this guy is dense i think rudy is enjoying this ....... HE STILL DOES NOT GET IT LOL one person just said fuck it i'll do it and hes still confused break it down for him in a dance step up rudy edition i'm glad I don't have video on its pretty funny i'm like alright how do you want to conclude this zero  response his respond: 'well what do we want to put HOLYYYYYYYYYYy Lol for once I didn't tldr was worth the laughs Good luck rudy, hf try not to ff 20 i believe in your carrying skills Remember veigar vs intermediate bots zzzzzzzzzz toni disc0rd He is still confused And legit did nothing meeting up at 8 2 people were late too wtf My sleep gggg how was your meeting rudy? hm That sounds unpleasant =.= so sup zain i'm stuck here till like 5 nothing much listening to Heavy - Linkin Park laughing at cow why you do this need to bait you harder Because you deserve it WHAT I DO TO YOU Snaking me since 1st year #NeverForget You may have forgotten But I remember it well Like I remember Tony's Freudian Slip dude you visted utm It was like it was yesterday didn't even say hi to me who's the snake Trust, yours was way worse I'm still traumatized by this Chimera of a cow/snake what are you talking about what I even do See what I mean Doesn't even remember smh dude first year ages ago I think if you slowly recollect all the times I met you between 1st and 3rd year You'll remember In that I only met you once LOL I just remember that text i saw you but you were pretending to work so I didn't say hi See, doesn't even remember the second time rip RIPPPPPP you aren't memorable PEW PEW WOAHH FIRE so whyyouup rip cow go back to slep ok night night LOL rekt or play leauge HYPE RANKED WITH ZAIN cant be worse than your groupmates Swimming in Bronze with Zain The Movie Coming to a Theater Near You just saw the article wait what Skumbag Tony IS Robert LOL lets group -goes top lane- Why weren't you in the team fight tony?
It's okay you're right. no I said TYPICAL @@ ROBERT tony i am not going robertttttttttttttttt would not have said anything LOL xD this guy Even Kin was like ROBERT IS THAT YOU wtf didn't work robert ? robert now you just sound retarded rudy like theres text things that you can do in skype so it makes it cross it out but its nto working it's okay rudy man it's ok like remember what we did before Zain? FINALLY GOOGLE LIED TO ME had to click a link sad life rudy y are u on skype shouldn't you be at workshop oh yeah! lunch time bst time go hang out w your group don't be a loner nahhhhhhhh one group mates here ohh hypee go talk to them stop being anti social n ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh One of my group mates just threw a hissy fit over us ignoring him when he wasn't talking or contributing .... cow I hav seen you tilted but never this tilted lol Zain u around yo what's up robert what champs do u play a lot rn and want a skin for ? i will support you with maa lyfe nah jk I don't really use skins see well your getting one pick D= surprise me ROFL u went there k leggo oh man gg oh man this tsm no balls holy shit and then just randomly win LOL LOL he just walked out I was so confused who do u like ashe or cait time to carry the group cow twitch when did u ever play twitch lol I like the raccoon one do u even know the reference lol sly cooper k I've played all of them Sly and the thieves raccoon I played one well the demo of one lol it looked mad fun I just didn't have a pc that could game at the time it's mainly a ps2 game I didn't know they had pc versions pretty sure it was a sony exclusive Actually I didn't play the last one in the series Sly Cooper Thieves in time It was a mad fun game what did u do it was a platformer right like jax and dexter yeah i played those two I was really into all those types of game when young As was Raza Ratchet & Clank, Jak & Daxter, Sly Cooper Those were the good ol days Sly Cooper was very much like a heist film In a video game format Platforming, sneaking around, combat with enemies, pickpocketing etc. next game is HYPE hey robert I'm not sure why you paid me for the dim sum... I already received my payment in full Worth good guy robert sly was ps exclusive and sly 4 is shit tony said tips and tax which I believe because we like just paid off the tab you guys paid tax but not the tip which wasn't that much, I just took it out of tony's soup tab wtf was that baron how did a nunu miss smite tsm shame Never make any plays just slowly wait to lose wow woooooow great shotcalling by G2 get the nexus perkz got 1 good shockwave that game yeah it's really sad though They were up 10k with baron and elder do nothing with it did it get to 10k? i think it was at one point, or close to at least anyways anyone down to play a gam game* gotta try out my nifty new skin I'm gonna be going back campus-side now aw ok back back welcome wooooooooooo group flopped want to game sure team seems to be mia must be in top lane rip raza where is everyone Zain's looking at his sly cooper skin Tony's having soup Robert's taking gromp Tannuo's playing runescape fair raza busy scumming zain WAIT ZAIN GOT A SKIN ggggg lol yes I got him one now I bleive it less LOL want to play bad game nah he moved on from jungle to sc2 To work congruously in a team with a strong ethical standard to successfully achieve the Capstone 1 module requirements do it cao worst mission statement na why use remote words tahtm ake no sense and sound horrible and wtf do they mean by requirements like wtf rudy and his functional group 10-Oct discord league? mhm wu? raza? tonai? sec hi Robert i'm not a fan of your skin +100 damage taken bro zain caarried each game well I paid you back tbh if I had to choose id give u amethesyst ashe dude give him more skin buffs please and lmfao wu, lee is getting erfed again SRSLY GOD DAMN IT Yeah so is graves thank god but link? Uhh Google reddit? yeah I saw it thank god ivern nerf Won't change invade Just run movement quints YES IVERN NERF jk I havnt seen any good ones in bronze league LOOL btw tony do u hav my parts yet Or in our leauge teama Whoaaaaa LOL totally frogot want me to order now? kk I ordered it it be here in 2-4 business days Lmfao gg GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG g fking g and he confirmed the order a week ago and everything heroes of the boxes anyone? Lmfaoooo rekted hots boxes is that happening rn made brownie instead Worth ain't that sweet BUT IT'S WRONG ehhh its Zain and raza Lame yo tony i got trolled by UofT so hard today holy shit ? apfdljaidjfnadf harder than rudy trolled you first year? nah that was some next level shit disc0rd? lol kk that last guy must have set off a car alarm  (referencing Left4Dead) Hype dog tony whats up I got another e-mail this morning They decided to revoke their decision from yesterday Hype and said that they will waive the pre-reqs i'm just like lol ... such a clown fiesta ....but you need the pre reqs to use the form Get outta here with your lies and slander Zain prob bribed them right yeah i'm just like no Yup I'm not switching again too much effort LOL dooo itttt Why he had to work so sup guys hey robert are you not at work? just got home wanna hots boxes lol in a ranked game cant dodge ecause promos LOL ofc aftermmaybe work after lol rip gggggggggggggggggggggggggg hf man its mad cold tho so lol rip mhm I can play for a hour cow u my bro discord? k SETO HAPPY BIRTHDAY KAIBA I see you on skype brooo kaaaaaaaaaaaaaiba Ignored hey rudy are you around or out right now? did u wanna play some diablo? What out damnit Sad life thanks next time ah Wtf it's Brother Kaiba sorry I was scrolling down the 2k messages LOL stop with that meme please Brother Tryndamere* Hi at ay Doing anything fun no do you guys wanna play something Happy birthday tannuo thanks Sure Tannuo has reached his 2nd form ? He is now Tannou With the two last letters reversed Aka kabia trynd Soon he will become Tanner And we'll play werewolf and then the world will descend into darkness ? Zain are you actually pressing shift Yes jesus ?? When you spend as much time as I have writing reports and essays It becomes natural. I usually do 70% of the writing in all of my projects with the exception of Capstone Because I had the 2nd best carry on my team I even capitalize when I say Tony-ahhhhhhhhhhhh At some point today, Tony is going to read that and start face palming Those are the moments I live for So did you guys want to League? Nah he is going tldr ask Or maybe even Hots to troll Robert? And it'll be tannou has b day flop I would be down to play that garbage just to troll Robert Sure for league less sure for shit-league sure league I think ive only purchased the cheaper ie like twice I'm on disc0rd and league yet neither of you guys are reporting both of you I'm going to the hunter's dream any1 wanna play some league If anyone else is around don't think anyone else is here Gg guess I'll just solo then ! Solo q? I'll join next game kk game doesn't know what to do I've never queued solo there we go ooh hype support I play next rip forgot my mom came home today hb tannuo lol late hb anyone down to get hots boxes Donzoooooo Duck it o well kin it is lol Bro I'm having a headache I did something on Google docs, group deleted it in an edit, and than ask how to do something which I did in the thing they deleted ... Sounds boosted Stuck in elo hell gl bro and this elo hell u can excape better just enjoy the view I wish what's going on skums Getting scummed still? you know that part we deleted, its perfect rudy you should do that >.> gg and it took around 2 hours to arrive at that decision somehow ... t-t SO gAME? shouldn't u be working? ....... but but tilt do you even know what it means to tilt yeah plus we don't even have shotcaller tannuo dude now this guy is talking about a non-existant word count zzzzzz so how was class guud BRING WU where is WUU dunno probably buying a dog :/ I think Robert's around tannou raza anyone we being ignored they don't love us they hate us i'm patching anyways rudy you should patch nah 0% I would love to know this word limit though so patch? seems like no one's around not sure if u still wanna play pressed q on ow got play of game LOL I didn't even know what I was shooting at for half the play LOLOLOL eh up to you let's just play another time it's already 12 alright g'nigth than Nite ye nit eboyz i come home and you guys aren't gaming not sure if proud or disappointed Gamed already Wu scummed kin so hard why would tony skum kin? Wu: let's wait for kin for hots Kin logs on Wu starts the game So trolled That's a tony mechanic Yeah he's like I didn't do it on purpose Such a scary passive yeah I see that tannuo is online too Opop sup hi tannuo lai Hi hi raza haqqi Did you guys want to play something before I get sleepy? sure due to lack of enthusiastic response I'm going to take that as a no HELL YES LETS GO Sure damn son  I like it rudy u in? lets play clown fiesta league where I afk farm until 6 and suicide midgame none of this shot calling alright I'm down to clown raza/rudy? yeah I'm on discord Rudy is rip disc0rd Need to finish some shit up And I'm roasting It's too hot it's not hot enough lol 10/10 jeezus skt beasts did they 3 / 0? ye faker showing how to 1v5 as 0/0/0 cassio btw tannuo how was that movie? anyone wanna play some tilt sure waiting for proper subs Sure oh you're actually waiting dayum son waiting another 45 seconds for takers raza? guess he's not coming Tannuo just go or na? just wait rudy will pop in any time rudy?! you talking about rudy? the cow man I'm setting up ayy sup What does that even mean...? You're setting up a bank robbery? Sami on a date? Robert to get reported? Tony to Skumbag (albeit he doesn't need the help) ehhh anyone around tonyah join disc0rd kk in a bit gotta call some people kk you know what's ironic I can start a normal game and leave and it counts as a game towards the number of toxic queues I have to be in but it wont put be back in toxic queue because you need to leave at least 2 normal games to activate it just stop leaving? naaah never sigh gamerino anyone? sure lets hots kk leggo sup zain and he just leaves wow g2 actually didn't do that badly against skt, or skt just didn't care as much wow wolf tilted faker stole his blue still lost? Skt won 3-1 so wassup boyz ? I was never there to begin with I've been out the whole day Robert???????????????????? hey robert your nocturne was pretty good ? in that game we played day before you were telling us about the reaper nerfs remember? anyways what's up guys OOO right I'm pretty sure I wasn't nocturne doe nm what r u guys doing for long weekend? you were and just hanging with famz so anyone want to league in 20 min WOW TAN stil alive I c sure how goes the job serach no seto kaiba he is neither republican or democrat, he's a librarian why do I feel like w8ting on tan to play agame means we wont be playing anyone else playing yeah that's why i'm not playing with him this douche left our game yesterday o right I dced lol LOLOLOLOL u should hots dc'd and then didn't come back I don't think they have toxic queueu so tilted was it ur parnets ? still tilted it was my daily mandatory internet dies at midnight happens every  day idk why bell? I have something similar not sure if interwebs some random Chinese provider or comp o and robert you being a genji main watch htis YES lol the potg potential as well as beoching to the healers wait he got toxic queue while plaing with you guys LOL go get out on your own bud Tannuo y don't u just rejoin game after ur interwebs gets better and did u try just the uhh I already closed client internet line ROFL dosnt even bother to come back gg ROFL I c I c tan was on my acct that was after he got out of toxic queue with wu yeah LOL That's why I'm like fuck this guy so he got into toxic queue well i don't rly mind but jks used your acct I knew his internet was fine he's just a dick made wu play with him to get out tan just to ditch Zain and get back in am i in cancer queue LOL nah your ip might be spent though just wonderin why would you be in cancer queue I didn't leave any games on ur acc i just wanted to know if u did lol he was going to use all your ip on runes RIP get all champs first plox hi guys remember raza what I told you yesterday? besides I was right ? runes first please about what? he bought me xayah and the other guy so i wouldn't be that salty fairs fair after all [9:53:19 PM] RobertoxFu: Tannuo y don't u just rejoin game after ur interwebs gets better
[9:53:36 PM] RobertoxFu: and did u try just the uhh
[9:53:37 PM] Tannuo Lai: I already closed client ah yeah This is why he's Kaiba he screws the rules so you guys clearly won that game right yeah we did too bad we typed in /ff before we got their nexus though shame anyone for league? nah i'llp ass too much toxic il be down i pass too still tilted from yest. tannuo you're supposed to tilt the ENEMY adc ggggggggggg i come back its ok you guys got three to mad tilt justw ait out toxic queue ez k tan get out of tq and il join I don't even want to wait it out so you force everyone else to do it? LOL nah I changed my mind don't even want to play anymore welp time to league right? shouldn't you already be out of toxiq? i feel like i saw you playing games after LOL wait you got on after to play and left more games? LOLOLOl ? no yo Zain diablo? yo sure tho not for too long have to sleep earlyish as family want to do things in the morningz kk np discord? only raza removes msgs lol shady tan want to ow box uh no one around na dude we are all around jks lol I'm on 3's with kin and their diabloing tannuo where r u its past his bedtime riop wassup boyz working wu? yeah prob leaving after my clothes are done ggggggggggg that long weekend doe and i think it will be hot today so hf prbs busy not rly hot today not as much as last week... that was something 20 degrees rip was like 33 on wednesday good for ur rents money for days Wednesday was so hype Thursday too were u not working and not enjoying the weather this week it's like 17/18 degrees lol I was working all the time ZZ less than 20 is great I was downtown for class nah man 23 is the sweet spot 22 20 23 good for dq maybe i would be cool with 28 as long as the breeze is warm 0 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO rip the over 25 speclailly humidity #NAME? humidity is mad rip free sauna! hype plox no hard to breath how was breakfeast with fam I bet the humidity isn't even that bad which food places will be open today? tony's house sick u sure not just his dq 50/50 waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit a second tannuo how the hell did u get the third runepage did u spend my rp for runepages....... LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL cause i didnt hav enough ip to buy one I know that for sure Rip not even 2 for 1 i think he said you had 3 also you can look at your purchase history in game truuuu thx raza Lol did you just forget you had  a runepage prbly literally only pick between ap and ad runepages so hows life cow doing anything today? you had 3 rune pages robert was the third one the lethality one? Yo tannou come outside Project Diablo sleep might be no idea lul Rip tannou never came out Hat you up to tannuo is a hayter gggggggggg tannuo goes out mb has more of a life than usgg ye anyone down for league? sorry Roberta not right now might have to leave at a moment's notice so hots it is YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE with zain time to cancer in a box o sorry was stuck in the basement all day painting the fucking walls sad life ouch bro finished? what colour? yo Robert my group thinks market inefficiencies is a scientific term I feel the cancer radiating from you lol yo mean salt level rising Whatever you want to call it I don't want to be you... Gl bro LOL another one was like it's impossible for a labour force to be a form of supply like what WTF IM SO CONFUSED lol I feel for u not on the same page as your group? we have a group meeting, delegate work, and this guy does my part worst part is he didn't even do a good job like wtf I would feel bad if he did ROFL WOW its like subliminal msging that they are better than u legit theres a ? in the middle of what he wrote like what the fuck its like he wants ppl to know he didnt rly know what to do legit he rehashed the stuff we discussed n the meeting contributing next to nothing smh so sup Robert how was your long weekend it was pretty good ran around alot and pretty tired but things went pretty well hbu? wanna league cow with kin and maybe raza ? hey guys How are you all doing on this fine day? Rudy sounds pretty tilted I like it nah too tilted i'll pass Zain can take my place along with tannou the painter I play if Cow plays Cow or bust nah d3 instead but Roberta and kin LOL think they are in a gamee want to play for like half a hour before I finish up this stuff ?? You mean you want to play now or play after 30 min? right now for like haf a hour discord? wa nt to play a bit or you still writing/? writing? Zain is writing some report op op rip back already? busy day? kinda not rly da fuck oh yeah wu, a group mate did my part but did it too shitly so I have to redo it LOL kk I am gonan shower brb still not done report? back was talking to Zain? LEGGOOOOOOOOOOO what are we doing? anyone here but we should league tho good at statistics without Roberta and his op jax build so rudy can tilt we should play d3 and can verify a question with me ^ tony is he took stats he passed lol I suck got like legit 20% on midterm It's a pretty straight forward question I got the same expected value for the big bet vs multiple small bets woow it is LOL Wanted to confirm with someone I forget about stats though can't help much sorry wait what don't you just get expected value and calculate std dev from a formula yes ev is prob x money earned right but the way you get it is different for the two cases ohh so a and b are diff you are saying? yaaaaaaaaaa join disc0rd cao diablo for a bits? for half a hour? LOL half an hour ok there LOL why don't you just play civ for 1 turn? want to join wu we do and than wes top playing LOL naw I leave at 2 that's legit half ah our gotta get money OOOOOOO have a safe drive LOL LOL we were power leveling raza ab it and we did butcher wowww dodge the fire raza Rudy snake was pretty funny this is why i don't dungeon crawler with you he actually saved tony FINE ILL STARRT A NEW ONE NOPE YUP LOL I blame wu ^ rudys lvl 40 SNAKED by wu GG nope i'm level 1 did guy dis LMFAO this is so stupid what happened? rudy Op is skum What I was leveling wu and raza You don't call them scum ^see this skum smh smh reported twice What I do Ggggg agrees to not overlevel then overlevels by 12 levels gg Gg think I got wu to your level And plus I was level one when I started today Don't know what you are talking about who wants to op wq ow* lul ZAIN ZAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN u will love this new 3's maps and its fking jks also they reduced 3's time so no more chasing ppl roudn the map to no end will play it tonight hey guys Hi hows it going raza got to 30 in diablo with Zain's help nice I am 40 you want to come play w m,e? not sure, gotta figure out dinner and stuff first kk How were the dogs disco? nvm you are at work Rip yeah Rip group Legit one person is useless and someone else is doing all their work lolol LOL already rip this group is going down the shitter Yeah legit she volunteered to help do this guy's part Guy message he's done nothing Lmfaoooo That feel And of course he's the guy going I'm busy can't get into the meeting call ... this guy Poor person that has to pick up the slack Rudy too dumb so I totalkly didn't over level you guys Gggg What level are you wu is like lawl this is why I always get s is this one of the days where everyones dead we're not dead we're just diablo Always Yo zain, wu got super op tru And we calculated, raza is low key op Sup roberta dayum disco? discooo freaking raza op yeah hes always op so lucky ? op op pretty scary league or diablo guys? i'll just go on disco and wait for someone to advise Rudy you will not believe my luck holy shit Gift? Got that elusive ring? solo'd 70 with 4-5min to spare Holy shit Wtf carry me please nah u still outdamage me Lies  I cleared it with 37 seconds left holy brunch was a trap babysitting/sanding/jmoving shit for 5 hours affterwards not worth and yup Zain that's me all day er day rudy op i still don't have a good weapon tho and i'm all out of crafting materials LOL like legit all of the don't even have whites, blues or yellows let alone db and souls lol sd life sad life and skumbag kadala keeps ripping me off I'm just using my bloodshards to farm yellows now XD disco? where are the rest of the skums? sup group toxic keep getting sick whenever they were to do something LOL rip best group na so sup Zain can carry me doing t 65 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz with me leeching like wtf and tony doest 50 in 4 mins WTF I am trying to lvl up cat ch up freaking op wu wtf i am so weak so freaking op disco? so im not going to have internet for the next week or so why not Tilt tonight? final good bye no I already moved just came back to clean up some shit oh shit how was moving a pain someone come on hearthstone I have 80g quest and spectate btw whats a good series to read or watch borrow twilight from wu tannuo just read King's Avatar anyone here can we go lol ok so i got a call from the company i applied to like 2 months ago nice! theyre offering me an interview tomorrow feels good good luck thanks at a library to use internet to prep lol nice focus hard will do goodl uck man thanks I might need some help with the excel evaluation they sent me, i bullshitted and said i rate myself a 10 on excel capabilities whats pivot table no clue google aallows ou to extract data from a detailed data set apprently lol never heard of it but good luck! LOL out of 10 i would put pivot table at about 4 or 5 in Excel no probably even a 3 Tannuo, you can't bs on your resume it's extremely easy for them to tell in an interview But in any case no one is going to ask you about Excel specifically you guys were joking about not knowing what a pivot table was right...? is it something that i can learn in 2 hrs it's an aggregate function well in any case the excel thing is due 2 days after the interview you can summarize the data by grouping and then giving some sort of summary statistic I'm more worried about the interview You got this yeah man they said it will take an estimated 3 hours ..... just think of it like a fifth of a game of civ ez rudy did u go to tony's house No don't want to third wheel I should steal some chicken though so is tony up all night to get lucky today Ayyyyy Yeah good for him Proud of wu such a bread provider even has a dog now Except it's chicken Right? did you go? nah sorry i didn't sleep well last night randomly crashed when i went offline i dunno I slept at 8AM and woke up at 10:30 I'm surprised I made it through the day LOL worth I'll be back d3 when back? g'night? LOL 30min? still going aite peace you safe to drive zain ^ yes . is rudy dead? yes . hi ugh Yo Robert buy wu a guitar Dogs just like wu both fall asleep when I came over gg XD I've noticed in every picture the dog is sleeping take a video Legit just sleeping 10-Oct Wu fell asleep too ofc he did After going lemme go buy some things for dog ofc Doesn't come back down stairs sounds about right So sup wu Bless you thanks Your dog randomly twitches XD Still sleeping gg has he been awake at all since you got there? Yes wu forced him to walk but it was too lazy so it went back in and slept omg it takes after wu Meanwhile his owner is like can you look after dog while I go buy it shit Proceeds to sleep Like what are the odds XD Legit stretches and I'm like oh it's going wake up, nope sleeps again LOL sounds like oreo hey tannuo how was the interview Hope it went well He'll see this question  in a wee text him lol haha if you text him he'll see it in a month!~ True very true whats up skumz whats up zain messages and leaves typical zain yo sorry was watching something sup wazzgood disco? Tannuo has a almost job and Tony a dog Shit changes fast here yeah sure np Also finally got my 100dollar board game WOWOWOWOWW AND YOU ALWAYS CHEAP OUT ON TONY WHEN YOU GUYS GO ON DATES smh. BRUH what dates lo Gg not treating wu righf Abusing my girl Would totally treat him to McDs dw What a gentleman league anyone? And the skums fall through Should I eat dinner today... rober tleague? roberttttttttttttttttt? robertttttttttt?! waifwuu** lol tony left to tend to his dog lies his pupper is a sleeper he just went to sleep other dog barked at him so hes super scared today awwww he's so cute aw eating 10min looks like we aren't playing cool fuck league it sucks anyways (as per tannuo lai) lol tony join? not sureh when doge will wake up, if he does I have to tend to him again TRUE doge op well my parents just invited a bunch of people to see the dog. just told me now 10/10 awww dog is popular with the famz yeah soon he will displace you tony rip RUDY NEW MUSIC AND IT'S LIT nvm screamo came in i'm not a fan of their screamo student surpasses the master? (about tony and doge) mada mada dane soon oreo will be taxing our lanes too ahaha You mean soon raza the unchained with battle cry will be taxing your lanes His extended name Oreo Raza the unchained with battlecry Unchained with battlecry gotta sing along you know that run video esclates quickly raza i expect a video of you singing alone now along* he's using battlcry how impressive in another perfect life eh hi rudy how are frank/max/alex, Vivian (or not), and the other guy nah you confused frank/max with alex/max and Vivian /something philsiyah? your friends are hard to identify Very Yo guys we should defs ow Before the massive changes next patch Road hog rip 2017 haha sure what's going on guyz And zain is ignored Everyone is ignoring everyone Our conversations usually are delayed by a few hours li'l LOL i wasn't worth so sup roberta why we all hayters brb baq wb  want to ow for bpoxes? sure after delaying the teammeeting from 12 to 1;30 i'm still the only one here LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL rekt LOOOOOOL worst part is they all live in square one... t-t i messaged on whatsapp to no response LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL save me guys gl with your group budd SAVE MEEEEEEEE maybe they're driving or walking ...... maybe their car broke again trueeeeeeee maybe they have to uber again uber eatz so sup guys play pug? wait whats the short form so fancy share nah we playingleago the only one that responded is teh guy babysitting oh yeah zain how is chatr not the worst better than wind not as good as rogers/bell the by the way remix is lit hmmm cause I really need to switch off wind lol chatr is much better Wind is not bad How's the group cow yeah wind is shit difference wind is trash tier Wind is what Tannuo thinks about playing adc wind is what tannuo does when he supports never forget pantheon support #liveforever you don't know how bad wind is until you've used it and switch to somethin gelse my friend says koodoo 48 for Canada wide talk, Text and 5gb of LTE that's pretty good yeah how much is it for chatr it's $40 for 2GB I don't see that koodoo plan tho? it's like $85 no clue he went to vegas i'll ask when he gets back lol let me know I'm looking for more data op zain YO ROBERT IS ALIVE rip LOL almost done hype cow u should ow with us dat by the way remix tho rudy the Tell Me Baby one is also really good ooo 'll listen now went home took nap love how you don't link the other one They're all in the same video it's actually so good ooo thought it wass seprast That transition between Tell Me Baby and Snow Whoever made this is a genius so sup eyyy oh everyones dead listen what I say ohhh Tony and I played league Repeat of yesterday Exactly LOL Mid lane feeding Jungler fed but not doing shit if only you had a jana I DID LOLOLOL if only you didn't have a janna * I lol'd when tony told me to 2v1 the fed as fuck zed don't worry, I got shield i'm like ................................................................................... wait i see the problem fixed YOU DIDNT PLAY HER YOU LET WU GGGGGGGGG Janna is trash unless ur adc can 1v9 the strat is for YOU  to have janna GGGGGGGg not wu tru Wu's janna is op scum next time no wonder you lost only blame yoruself Sad part is we rekt lane every game also permaban fizz sleepr op but is it raza op nah man raza is the real lowkey op see you lose 100% the games you don't play with raza That's true I guess the thing is I need to carry harder you also lose 100% games you play with raza so moral of the story quit LOl By the law of Probability, that means my loss rate is 100% and independent on whether raza was present in the experiment Way ahead of you already shut down the game oohhh yeee Also played 3s with Roberta/kin in OW hwo'd that go wtf op op These guys are pretty skumbag always throw the first game on purpose Roberta Logic: If we lose the first game, we waste their OP picks you really need 3 ppl for 3s now otherwise you have no comp strats kk i'll be backin like 40 min gonna shower and go out for a snackz kkk hi guys hi raza yeah, i didn't want to talk to you either LOl rekted check this out zain nice what are you up to rudy ow boxes eating dinner soon nice how was food and getting ignored by raza snackz* not food and getting ignored by raza was fairly typical he's lowkey op no time for the rest of us Anyone did the 1v1 duels? Pretty good stuff yeah i did one yo robert do it i want to watch roberta go be the Roberta hero KZAIN BE THE HERO =( COME ON don't lety our dreams be dreams my dreams are just memes come on disco? Robert play 1v1 gamemodepliz tony watch tsm game 2 Skumbag bio on Kench I was napping lol Bro if u had to go to LA tmrw and u were sick Mad rest Tempted to do more 1s before u can't get boxes anymore tho lol don't worry i got all my boxes yoo kin 1v1 orisa as ana Robert, league? lawl get rekted and ignored Sure Bro I'm still in bed Did he start yet If so I'm not getting up rudy baq in disco rudai tonai roberta Is everyone at tonnes for the dog Tonies we were Sup Aren't you in la he is finally responded eh sorry didn't seee your message sup rip most proactive chat if I have ever seen one sup wu HYPE DRAFT hi rudai sup i' m pulling a zain gg typical right i say one thin ignored rip so sup finsihed yoru thing yep well part of it enough for now op zain op u wanna play something?? leagu? Overwatchoouu? youv've linked this before Setouuu?! LOL i now know was responding to your ignored comment telling you, you don't need anybody else cuz you got u like tonai cept he will soon get his 'anybody else' via his doge LOL legit got surrounded by 3 ladies as soon as you guys left was like GGGGGGGGGGGGGGG disco? rip anyone still here? hi toni disco LOL read the comments Tony does not deserve this dog? wu ges a dog gets karama poitns too worth worth anyways raza is currently in cage unchained with battlecry tho xD LOL guys league? puppy finally asleep going downtown soon tonight or tomorrow LOL sad life wu sad life fancy zain though reap GG woah toni-ah how was your date with eric? oh i went to class aeric's in Taiwan taiwan #1 china # 2 sad life how was class rudy BECAUSE YOU HAVE NONE sorry still sad from yesterday played leauge got rekted played ow got rekted played d3 got rekted that's the difference between heroes and common folk the heroes get back up to game again and again and again will you carry me D: soon soon nomming first op op hey rudy Did u wanna watch a movie with sanjay and his med skule friends downtown tomorrow at 10PM at night? think i'll pass getting downtown is such a pain : kk offer open to anyone else in this chat too except for you raza not because you're in the states and chains real talk though is the card called chained or unchained Oh okay he's Chained got it I saw that why he hasn't gamed in awhile he's busy doesn't have time for us too busy acquiring Chains too op so sup rudy did u wanna do something u want any ... grapes? waddle waddle YO raza is meta defining o.O my skype is bugging out LOL yeah man so skype still buggy? dunno its the new one too disco went to see wonder woman it's good. it is good. Here you go zain yo so guys legit i had a dream where Robert became a demon hunter not like the diablo character but like a literal monster hunter ala van helsing o.O i could see it happening robert is too quiet he's a Roberta hero that's in Disneyland atm probably. rudy are you familiar with the greatest and best song in the world tribute? duh its aw hite thing Can confirm They should add nocturne to that list they said mains though i'd say calling tannuo a trynd main wouldn't be wrong even now Tannuo is truly a Kaiba main tannou confirmed becoming yasuo main no mana but no invincibility either can't target during ulti I guess DUDE WHAT L Zain u play way way to many games... Be pretty cool to be demon hunter doe all dark tower style Double shotguns or a six shooter? Pea shooter Lame cow is lame U can be mercy how bout that Stick and pea shooter How's the barestta life hi guys hey setooo thank god for ff at 15 lol Sup was going to leave that game but I realized it's just 5 more min hype good guy rito making tannuo less toxic sup guyz Sup Wait you got Internet yeah finally so whats up zain ditched yo so there's a big spider in my bathroom halp just use another one what i did get tannou on it i'm contemplating throwing water at it but i feel like that would just piss it off and it's on the ceiling too so it may just fall on me halp rudy fire use fire hmm should I turn the shower on at full heat and then close the door? death by humidity? nah just use fire vaccum it it's like 1:30AM ..... spider its understanding plus it's kinda sketch man the ceiling is pretty high step ladder potentially leading to death if the spider senses something is amiss, jumps and then freaks the shit out of me just go sleep than but bathroom i'm really afraid of spiders btw i have like arachndapohaosdjfojiadfj whatever it is we should just play league instead nah too late go play with tannou I'm still down to play i will join u in 2-3 min ok still figuring out this spider situation just burn it it's a bug type rippppp wind works too super effective yeah I was playing shitloads of pokemon because no internet caught up on gen 4 finally then I notice gen 7 is already out wtf XD Fuck spiders. hey raza that was not what you were originally going to type right? Hi tryndamere Nah I don't like spiders hey raza the chained with battlecry for the rest of the game your hero power costs zero (0) Tryndamere has battlecry too he does yes someone kill the spider pliz But his only lasts a few seconds T_T just use flamethrower No raid? or stabed brave bird Raid + lighter will work too I think Or you could take a shoe or book and throw it at the spider then run But you may want to set up a trap for the chase that may ensure or you can just fucking kill it Ensue Yo you can't just kill Elise She has rappel rip w.e discord disco fujfiaosdf i'll just move to a new house, easier That works too Welp night guys gnite Hype tannuo Interweb Is it better than ur old one Can u game properly now lol lol nope his comp still a laptop Ggggggggg Also tan I watched Kimi no Na WA Rly good anime Zain u should watch too if u have not already So tony how's the dog good hes getting big pretty fast you still in la? Naw got back today oh nice you want to see the puppers today? Can I come c him today or u working U read my mind lol k hes sleeping rite now I msg you once he wakes Still at work till like 6 dw Lol wait what aren't puppies supposed to be energetic til they fall asleep Which seems often lol Also Wu time to grind ow ranks against but I suck ntho lol robert I'm the one that told you to take Faith to watch it! Tru lol my other friend recommended too and  I finally got around to streaming Story was a bit simple but man it's presented so well Spoilers but tebgirl is so much older than the guy what a cradle robber Roberta fuuu adding extra space to remove spoiler from screen . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . done so how's it going guys? tired you> enjoying unemployment what spoiler are you trying to hide XD well Robert said something about a kimi no na wa spoiler and i haven't seen it so figured i should remove it from sight true good call it is a spoiler but without context it makes no** sense so unless you've seen the movie it can't be spoiled for you k better safe than spoiled Lol soz Well good idea rqza none the less so are you back now Roberta? robertttttttttttttttttttt league anyone? soon eating daal nomz NOMZ rice or roti? paratha sounds different i know what a paratha is i just don't usually consider it as something that you would have daal with That is true. It's just a matter of convenience the paratha's can be bought frozen the frozen 'roti's' they sell here taste like shit it's like not actually roti it's pita bread but they brand it as roti TRUE frozen parathas and naans are much better than frozen rotis yeah so i'm assuming you've eaten? sing it with me zura back anyone want to ow zurrraaa du du du zurra so waddap what we doing wanna help me box or r u guys gonna league? I SAID WHAT WE DOING BOYZA man these guys are such slackers rip i vote league but idk Namcha XD so uhh league or no woah robert you're bugging out man you're messages are appearing displaced in time interwebs crashed its better now your* LOL get on disco bro WE DISCOO spaghetti haven't see spaghetti in a while so long since spaghetti Did your mom make it Why are there so many ppl here at 2 pm lol dunno what's wrong with 2 pm? Ppl usually are working or studying lol robertaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa how was la Nbnb didn't do too many fun things but had good food Anything change while I was gone? And anyone want to ow rip was playing earlier go play d3 with zain Lame I don't even own d3 yeah zain is pretty lame your face is lame see you insult zain and he responds your rudy is lame get a better rudy Costco discount if you buy in bulk you should've said your face is lame, get a better face ^ Eww bulk cows No thx Psh everyone knows cows are badly manufactured wow was going ask you to play ow for like 20 mins BUT NOPE i'm badly mfged gg i can play some ow I can get ignored * rip ROFL im back i was working till now anyone donw to play now? is tannuo around? i feel like if we ow with him we can win more ... Roberta logic = 10/10 i'm around but rudy got pissed off and left LOL soz cow i was still working wanna 3's? it's ok he doesn't deserve your love sure LOL guys I need to abuse this while it's still around league soon huh you should practice in sandbox first? yeah guarantee it's patched within a few hours because popular youtuber made it public could be TRUE sup? Tilted sounds rough speaking of tilt, is that group thing over? or is that what's tilting you? Still on going nah just this skum wars group oh Skum Wars Episode IV: Just Fine Edition rudy is just fine and then he falls in a hole truly learning from the best sup zain u wanna league rudy? RUDY?! RUDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI? NO? FINE i see how it is kk i'll go feed by myself then >> << >_> if your busy >__________> just say so asdjfkpjjfajdf >.> fuck </3 what a guy first roberta i'm a guy bms me now zain does ORBERERTA? ORBERTA?! Just Fine Robert The finest of all the Robert's Made in a Robert manufacturing facility near you. Designed in California, manufactured in China. trying to invite rudy but it says he's not available Rudy ain't got time for your shit raza he says and I quote what a guy </3 and then he said ... .. . ............... x3 RUDY sup jeez louis ? what i do now OOO bait kin yes well we play d3 now he understands league? never i'm here hi rudy how are you? not bad got coffee nicu did u get me coffee too? lactose free? yes awesome man you da best next time you come over, I'll treat you to coffee too ... so where my coffee at? kk importing anyone for tilt? negative Robert's out Rudy's drinking coffee Tannuo is busy taking over the world I wonder why there are a whole bunch of source commands in the comments of this video yyoooo Robert/rudy this remix is actually sick yoo sup guys nm sup? nothin much chillin killin not surprised yeah it's all tony's fault Sup . rudy hi leaguerino? I don't get a hi you didn't issue a greeting Sup period it's what I type when I want to inform you of my presence but don't want to say hi So zain want to game There's a period trying to talk kinda weird in about 10 min have to go grab some milk from the grocery store Kk sounds good you get yours at gas station? they sell milk cheaper there than grocery stores for some reason TRUE thing is i need lactose free which I'm not sure if gas stations stock lactose intolerance just means you are biologically mature alright brbs back sup guys disco? No zain no ? wait how did c9 win ah the game went to 60ish sup guys? hi hi hello how's it going? op yeah? hi hi rudy hi kk that's my contribution to what? me2 how was coffee rudy? scummed by freinds didn't go next time it's okay, it happens next time I forgot to mention this ? but that coffee shop i told you about is not a great place to go with friends never any seating there always packed :/ It's better to just grab and go eh i would've gone in got some coffee and go grab food dude a nice lobster roll place is just next door to there NOPE NOT FOR ME mroe for tony so what you do today op guy has friends we went go carting in etobicoke and then got food sounds fun also walked around a park ditched by zain </3 yeah it was sorry rudy, you don't know any of these guys it was like a uni re-union sort of thing its ok i don't need your excuses #scummed # snaked woops cancelled it by mistake op zain him and his fancy dancy food you could eat fancy too believe in yourself #berieve it's alright it's okay you can look the other way league anyone sure hmm i'll pass for now snaked. holy shit i'm in a game with roberto nice there's a mcree on your team?! no legit a person named roberto oh wow Domo Arigato Mr. Roberto Domo I like how tannuo ditched raza LOL yeah lets play league ? ok -ignored after- pleague anyone raza said yes and you didn't play with him gg btw guys if any of u are in Milton next week hit me up parents leaving for us trip for a week LOL party at tannou did you figure out the krugs 1shot? only raza is invited I can do it 25% of the time too hard nice i can do it 1% of the time I'm assuming if it's possible and I do it 100 times I'll get at least one apparently it's an 8 hour drive. too far gg funny thing is my parents are going to us, so they might end up closer to raza lol you live near florida? nah dc ye the big orange i say we watch tannou play limmited duel I would be down krug trick is fairly easy but you do need a ~100 damage aoe attack lee e is too weak at early levels The second top comment XD probably has something to do with biofrost being hit by the varus ult right before or something nah it's definitely what the guy said in the comment 100% yeah i know i read it so still waiting on this limited duel we all agreed on ^ he's just getting ready to leave games by himself although they did buff him by making the surrender time 15 minutes instead of 20 op time to judge kin anyways one game of league or nah? i'm down Rudy is not down yup got baiited into ow 3's LOLOLOL this is so funny i think the muted each other oh hype enjoy man Be the cow carry you know you can be Nothing more, nothing less. nope too heavy LOL ok league? I see raza trying to start one rudy is busy yeah we'll wait join us join us for our daily dose of tilt of legends nah i'm good, you guys tilt in my stead we need 1 more and you can never escape the tilt zain it will find you ? start? ok who do you have thus far? kin tannuo me rudy is away rudy is busy you guys play one i might join for the next one k what i'm on ow totally busy yeah sitting in menus play a 3s game already so Zain's just sitting there watching you play? nah I'm doing some other stuff yo i just found out Bethesda's e3 conference is happening right now shitty conference k games over most of them have been ea's had an interesting game i think did you see the kh3 trailer? I DIDNT EVEN GET THAT 98 GG average 5 minutes 1 cs I don't understand what is that photo reping low cs only 600 gold more than the support, most damage i played 1 game of ow mayhem mode as zarya, i cant feel my left hand anymore I take it it was an intense experience Tony Look at Raza's cs in that picture xD after laning phase ended he only got 1 cs after 5 min nah laning phase ended ages before who knows what my cs/min was by the end may have been lower than 1/5 well you can always go watch the replay ^_^ yeah I'm going to so much conflicting info one place says I have 98 ccs another says 97 lol sounds about right our macro is straight up garbo aram started at around 12-13 minutes and I had 70 cs then the game ended at 31 minutes anyone for some pre-evening tilt? nah I've got class in the evening ah you were supposed to say your face has a class this evening i'm not you tho that was really fast This song is for Kaiba's character in the show he's playing tryndamere Don't say if I were you, or tell me what you'd do, or how things would be if, I pressed R, you're not me! lol This was actually a legitimately good song off that** soundtrack leaguing in the middle of the day can i be u ? o shit tannuo is online too i'm leaguing in the middle of the day? I can but am not :/ it's the request to league that Roberta is jelly off i see ofc usually id still be at work lol Roberto Actually come to think of it sup Why is your name RobertoxFu hows it going guys on my skype idk lol Instead of Robert Fu hm. Odd. i modeled it after i think a youtube channel? its been a while RobertxLee? YES lol ther eu go so wahts up zain Nothing much Robert waiting for clothes to finish in the wash so I can move them to the dryer gotta take a shower as well and head out in 2h wow that's exciting day In the life of a zin lol I'm flipping on league occasionally not really i c the tannuo dc in realtime XD lmao Master Rightclick is now in queue gg XD fucking tannuo what a baller how many minutes was he in game before he rq? Tannuo is the reason I don't play ranked ROFL the only reason? gg i thin he was 15 min in oh that means it might have been an FF? maybe they didn't ff and he rq also true tannuo: i left lol did u even hav to ask??????? well i was wondering about the background story but I'm guessing there wasn't much guys we need to devise a strat to teach him a lesson let's get all his accounts 100+ games toxic queue you know he'd just be banned and that would be it right? ROFLLLLLLLLLLLL can we just report him again and again i wonder who's worse Tannuo or Tyler1 to have on your team Tannuo1 never played with t1 idk Yo we should all change our IGN to Tannuo1, Tannuo2, Tannuo3, ... or maybe like different Tannuo emotions Melancholic Tannuo Battle Tannuo Pensive Tannuo Apprehensive Tannuo Raging Tannuo BattleStar Tannuo Arcade Tannuo Wood Elf Tannuo Smaug Tannuo YES I am so down to troll him or change his user name cn we go leggo i dare u cow he spent ur money ? way to much work You should really change his name to Stop Ragequitting so that when he rage quits his next game, both teams will be really confused yeah Mario rayman crossover? i guess he didn't get toxicq yet ow anyone? mayeb a bit later actually anyone wanna crash tannuos place just for kicks he probably has no food lol he probably does has like carrots LOL alright robert seey ou there ey i hav a new boardgame if u guys r down i have food yes 1180 leger way L9E 1E6 if you guys are serious btw if they go with me id be down maybe later, bit busy this week can only be this week lul so how is everyone doing this fine Monday evening eh watching e3 oo forgot that was o on gg twitch messing up the audio they didn't switch audio to source lol and are using mics in the room or some shit it might not be their fault? shit hi hi hello anything good from e3? shadow of the colossus remake Spider-Man gameplay trailer more god of war stuff league? Only if tony plays is tony even here touche who ya got? well looks like everyone else is gone tannuo kin and Robert were around earlier Roberto?! op now Alfred's just going through normals with jasper ALFREDO?! eltarc himself the yung Alfy Roberttttt Yo Tony and Zain wanna go to tannuos house this week erm sure when hey guys hi anyone for a game of quality tilt sure and that was the last of that Lol Sometime during the week? do you want to play league? Almost home lol it is the finest weapon ever made you know the revolver Zain creep 3's? in a bit Zain u back? hi robert yeah I never left sup ooooooooooooooooooooooo i thought u went out today gg school too op anyone league? sure wonder where everyone else went hiding sounds about right we can't all be like zain op zain  iso p gg did Tannuo say league and just go play by himself lol he is a man of his words he said leauge and he leauged anyone wanna to play one when hes done? hi robert disco guys? I'm down wassup boyz hi hi league? sure k theyre in game rip well they were in game 30 minutes ago so should be done soon yeah soon lol are you playing more or all done / tilted? give me 20 min il be back 8 30 exactly uh huh 8 30 not back lol Yo I'm here chill S'up boy get on league Kk Is Tony here not yet he said 20 min so basically never so discord? wow Robert is playing league dayum join usssss sorry busy :/ in a bit how come u are leaguing roberta i thought you were more a Robert man alright Zain? join us? nevermind everyone ded? yup nice I'm alive wassup eatin He's alive RUDY what up ma man disco guys? Bad Rats: the Rats' Revenge tannou disco? where did tannuo go probably on leauge children's card games Never Tilt The Robertas Seto Loves Chains what is even going on Ikr Wassup boyz Anyone around? lol Robert did the dishes for me nice guy coulda done all of them but i watned to go hom elol anyone here for league the new event came out sorta / ? hanging out with family at the moment are you gonna be a yasuo main now? mbmb hbu did u play riven b4 lol no don't  plan on playing either much since you just really need an icon and to win tan wanna play or anyone else i'm down if anyone else is sure ROFL we literlaly just started mang .. k we're done wanna join tan yo u there dont make us start one and ditch again lul I'm here u joining zain you joining? fk u gj idiot lol... so no? btw i was just trolling earlier I went to eat dinner XD I figured about the trolling late dinner but you didn't guess the dinner did ya DID YAAAAAA?! truthfully i also have a headache tho you've been having ate dinners quite consistently late I would hope that you ate your dinners yeah cuz my classes usually end at 10 motherf*cka i told ya I work at burger king (no, you weren't supposed to get that joke) good cause I didnt since I wake up late I eat breakfast late and eat lunch late and cuz of that I don't usually have an appetite before class sounds like a rough life so I eat when i get home which is [10:30, 11:30] it's aite you could solve it by going though someone in my class was coughing it up today i think i might have contracted something via proximity i'm getting that down with the sickness feeling ah gg think i'll go to bed early today also doesn't help that i usually sleep around 4 or 5 am XD ye kk i'm gonna go rest up take it ez guys tell Roberta... he's a Robert. cya night anyone down for league in a bit sup guys ugh food poisoning gg what did you eat? no idea, think it ws subway sandwich Get well soon thnx man I've been dying in bed all day Sad life =( but yeah, hope you feel better soon. rip ? he has food posinioning rip rip i would wanna play something but i'm pretty sure it would give me motion sickness i know how you feel zain oh gawd You know i was sitting on the toilet for like 4 times in under 12 hrs the day I bought D3 Is when my stomach started getting fucked and my mom was like IT WAS SO NOT THAT SKETCHY UNDERCOOKED ISH THING I GAVE YOU I had a shawarma from a sketchy place Lol and had the worst food poisoning of my life was probably pretty good All this time abroad has made your stomach weak yeah i actually blame that shawarma for all my weakness fuck that shawarma op why you don't eat brown food shawarma isn't brown food it's food from hell You need to go back to khi and get accustomed to sketch food again yeah i would probably die XD Shawarma can be so good tho Well you take it slow get lesser sketch foods first yeah i blame raza for this !! yup 100% so whats the protocol of getting you sister in law shit like should I get her something for her birthday so much work ? ? getting her stuff for her birthday nay or yay Depends on your relationship but probably yay anyways zain wanted to game a bit somethign not commital so you can ditch and sit on the toilet? -sigh- raza why do you have to be the good guy Terraria? yeah rudy you should get something nice I mean I wouldn't because I'm a good for nothing with no job i was going just get a mug LOL but it'll be awks because i don't think my parnets got her anything... soooooooooooooooooooooooooo hmm happened when tehy got engaged it was awks maybe buy something for your nephew You could redeem the fam? it was just his birthday got him somthing as like a proxy present why i'd feel bad if i dont' get her something... sigh Yeah in that situation I probably would i'll just give it to her by proxy on Monday so i dont' have to do in front of fam ezzzzzzz Yeah Sounds like a good idea but screw getting my brother anything rip rudy always rude e to his bro not even a thank you nope see rude so who wants to play what I be down for a game of sleep 8/10 will buy just do it naw I am part of the 20% yeah once I heard there wasn't any vr support I gave up too I'm just gonna go back to sleep guys good nite XD nite night nite! Wow that was a great gaming night Rip everyone with food poisoning Rip robert not doing his job food poisoning? rudy did you feed the group didnt' i reply to this o.O welp rip never sent ? reliable cik strikes again ????? So what's up boys busy being food poisoned sounds fun I take it you still feel like crap? better brb that's good what exactly did u ugys eat? deli meats? raw seafoods? food from sketchy ethnic places? it's just me and i'm not sure exactly i think it was subways Subway** disco? im down r u ok to be up zain lol yeah now I am yesterday and day before i was ripp mani feel for u actally soz il brb 15 kk Robert legit numero uno flop rudai sup hi hiiiiii sup howsthe stomach better but head still hurts sad life Yo finally found out how to get more pets in d3 its from a treasure goblin opop you're still playing diablo is the more surprising thing got bored noone responded so i gmaed a bit these guys not even entertaining their cow gg this is animal cruelty family time GG I HAD FAMILY TIME WORSE EXCUSE EVER rip rip did u get a present cao? yeah didn't come in i'll just ask my mom to bring it over just a small thing Is it a cows birthday today??? who wants to watch me fail my ow placements everyone lu lrly u guys are that bored yes going shower first u shud do 1v 1v1 limited duel Tannuo? so who's around? im still here cow? tony? tan? wth where could tan be lol loitering in the darkness bet if we msg him on disc he be down forl ol weren't we raidingn his hosue for food not if you want to live might be worth it did you get food posining from there? yo id be so down to go but not eat at his house he still has moving mess i dont think he has 4 free chars at once chairs* we'll go one at a time and i expect asian leve hosting anyone want to league i staill have to finish my stupid quest Want to but family time eh waiting on these ow placements oo true zain leggo ? LOL well i' on leaug noone else is on gg Gg I'll join in 20 minutes or so what do i c a cow online invite u cow oh yeah pay day 2 was free awhile ago might still be Yeah I picked it up was it even fun i tried it for a bit yeah didnt get into it failing th driving mission over and over again was jokes and telling tannou DONT GO IN -goes in- felt lik leauge so pretty fun and then u guys never played again lol disco ? league guys raza still tilted or leauge? Sure anyone up for a game rudy game gameee?!?! 80 g quest? sure in ow disco? k I'm down for game Hype Tony is around for gameeeeee We should have a board game day yeah sure one day rip ditched by zain Ggggggg Warframe is free right Are you guys picking up a new game ya no we playing d2 >: ( WHAT so lame Tony want to play something And leave these losers he already left gg how goes the d2 graphics dont turn u off? ah we didn't play it graphics do turn me off thought so but it's still a good game want to play some bl2 instead i believe that we ended up playing portal 2 hella fun but for another generation portal 2 I finsihed the 2player campaging rly good so whats up zain nothing much just chilling now trying to find fun co-op games so far:
Elder Scrolls Online
Portal 2
Warframe Alien Swarm The Division Borderlands Pre-Sequel what kdin of games? fps or like top down action or whatever the division hard to run on comp portal elder is nice alien swarm was lame presequel is good sanctum 2? orcs must die? skulgirls? burnout paradise? red alert 4? 3 l4d lethal league red orchestra 2 sins of a solar empire just cam eback so basically a game ppl can jump into without falling too far behind if they don't play cuz everyone's schedules are different but the gameplay shouldn't be repetitive like don't starve together if possible also more than 4 players cuz we gotta lotta peeps is sanctum like tower defence fps? burnout paradise -- tannuo can't drive Killing Floor 2 has more than 6 players
Elder Scrolls Online -- MMO, as many people as we can get. PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds -- Could be fun? Warframe - free, max 4 player co-op, but pay 2 win and high system requirements hots #NAME? wow thats a lot of requirements PoE -- tony L4d and red orchastra so fucking tilted sanctum is fps and td my mom bitched at me to go to my brothers go there my borther goes wtf why you there fuck this fam XD i think I have a remedy ... Science! nah listeing to cage and playign d3 fine sorry not in mood to talk so tilted Don't talk, use Science. SCIENCE solves all cow and ya zain i doubt we will find anthing to fit all that just play ow and league lol hmm I think the elder scrolls game would work or killing floor 2 (except repetitive) Warframe would be fun for those that could run it dont' you ahve to pay when Destiny 2 comes out for pc, it will be fun it's a 1 time fee thoguht it was subscription they changed it when they relaunched the game There's also an expansion out too any fun? a friend of mine said yes I'm googling reviews new expansion seems hype what abotu payday 2 that's good but it got boring because of repetition i just want to see tannou drive again never again couldn't park a car with 1 min and 5 seconds remaining ROFL plz i love to watch tannuo drive isn't payday 4 whats wrong with 4 player games we have more than 4 people in our usual party Zain, Robert, Rudy, Tony, Tannuo, Raza, Kin Though usually only 4 are online at a time, it's still not cool to exclude its ok we ditch zain typical rudy so decide on a game i say we should try out some free ones first or wones we already have join disco one me and Roberta are in? so wnat to game zain? portal2? sure disco? you are muted zain robert did you want to game? sounds like path is the 100% best game right right? nah Wtf is path lol Specially playing on hard mode sinking hours into it and dying Even tannuo tho is the biggest maschochist playing Runescape can't take it lol tannuo 100% path path of exile well he derps on path hardcore game anyone? Food first Wow chat is baron league anyone? i blame you robert why do you think tannou is always banned? Why not ^this is me every league game wanna play something? no but i do need help it's a little bit early to be gaming raza i gotta like get ready and get lunch League is your lunch sup make me lunch raza will rudy it's u new map o.O in? ow rip hog new game modes too this makes me happy want to join disco? How's the new map and hog nerf Which is completely unwarranted Imo ikr i don't feel like it's a nerf as much as a change in playstyle new map is so-so low gravity is super fun widow sniping dream everyone is slowly gliding through the air wowow disco? in about an hour's time pliz gg kk glide wrapper I get y u don't think it's a nerf to road hog but imo if they wanted a tanky dps disruption character they could at least give him armor so he isn't a huge body to feed ultimate charge 200 maybe like dva message has been removed snaked he said fk yew i'm lead farmer Lol I sent a weird emoji by mistake anyone want to play something? sure league? sure? Sup sup? nm just got home disco? oh i thought we were doing that thing where we all add question marks after things other people said disco?? be there in 5 anyone here? yes dafaq sup he'll be back hi rip house idk your dog might choke on it it seems poorly reviewed 2 of 2 people found the following review helpful
2.0 out of 5 stars Why do I keep buying these? June 6 2017 Hey Zain the great gabben has declared another steam sale Thursday Good time to find new games rip Rip tannou gaben op league anyone? at 4pm dayum son sup hi hi man i'm really late to responses me too well no longer busy on skype sup nm sup nm nm anyone for tilt? i'll pass for tonight So Zain I think steam sale started Time to start looking for gamez hype robert buying us everything If it's cheap I don't mind lol Anyone want to play a fighting game for a change P nah not for me ^ go play with zain he loves em fighting games he's all about em fighting words Lol somehow I doubt it Cow you should get EDF 4.1 Like l4d plus borderlands maybe woah nice checking now steam store experiencing heavy load please try again later LOL google works 10/10 50 bucks wowrth good call shadow of mordor heard good things baout htat isn't that single though yeah :/ rocketleague sale Kinda meh to play though and its gone to 5 or below quite often (about shadow of mordor) hype we should get it How much? i would try it if it get on sale gta5 ooh Ra3? Pre sequel? Battlefront 2? I think everyone already has battlefront 2 i don't have battlefront2 who all were playing it like 2 years ago then ... Raza specialized memory uhhh yeah zain you can go play that with raza i can lose my partner in science WHAT How dare you well rocket league's matching its low i'm joking we can ditch raza let's all buy steins;gate and become mad scientists conducting science is so much better yes science is best isn't the war of mine rpetty fun isn't that single player yes hows the darkest dungeion? tony has it too good single player game extremely hard lots of stuff to learn i think you'd like it cow your type of game not mine tho this game is f2p we should try it one day sure i'll download it portal 2 $2 nah already have my partner Hollow Knight looks like a fun single player game yeah civ 5 7.49 probably get hollow knight when >=50% off though This seems like it would be super fun if we could all run it too expensive civ hype reviews are pretty bad tho lolz zain loves cic civ rudy loves cuk AOE II? Dungeon defenders is shittier orcs must die or sanctum 2 imo but free... also i think its 4 players orcs must die is 2 player only I GOT MY PARTNER ALREADY can't make it past page 7 on the multiplayer tag search It going to get wildlands it's so hard to run Someone get VR Wtf is hollow knights? and we should make tannuo play horror games dark souls esque sidescroller And did u check out EDF YO TAN NO PLAYING HORROR Plz I want to see that you should buy me a switch so i can play the new zleda game yes what is EDF? I'm debating switch for that and Mario kart Look it up EDF 4.1 ewww giant spiders Look up earth defence force faaack Lolololol LOL And ants kill it with fire literally Literally that's the game L4d with borderlands weapons Bomb them laser them just bee farming all game farming never worth Any multiplayer suggestions Tony so you'd just exploit it Tony is a killjoy what do you like farming d2 I mean taxing is fun but farming is just not you know, why cs when you can take others cs dota 2? ?? wtf was that Black Desert Online (MMO game) (1 time fee but i hear its also pay 2 win) Plz no pay to win Well you don't have to pay but you just can't win then :/ It just speeds up leveling and makes your character stronger makes no difference if you're just playing casually anyways however it has very large patches Wtf is it Fps? mmo If ppl r still playing multiplayer red orchestra It's fun I still don't know why no budy has mentioned the best game na 7 days to die in path of exile hc Risk of rain? Dungeon of the endless? brb gotta go to the post office Path is lame 7 days u guys played for like a week and got bored ofit hey 7 days! what's red orcastra about? nah we playedi t for a long time no one could host though rip orchestra* looks like camping simulator 2017 Red orchestra is large scale csgo Way harder no minimap yeah the gameplay is entirely a person camping in 1 spot and shooting people as they run past lmao isthereanydeal is also under heavy load It was lol for a while Just get battlefront for 2 dollars Monaco? is Monaco 4 player? yes fun? probably I have it but haven't played it much It is U can just go in guns blazing or chill Lots of rly hard challenge levels And cheap as hell apparently there's a free to play orcs must die too Hope it's not 2 player Orcs must die was a decent game If u guys want 4x get endless legend instead I think most of us have endless legend and Zain 100% dosnt like civ like games not coop but Hitman full season is 25 bucks looks pretty fun I don't like turn-based games I'm impatient killing floor is free at the humble store Lolololol Tony the cancer wth Red alert 3 anyone btw this is why i ban fizz every game have it Wtf why is steam broken hell LOL fixx fizz Fizz is stupid that's for sure magicka? Worse than other multiplayer games IMo eh I preferred it to monaco wow steam servers are crapping yup literally don't see any games yup I cre y gaben y well I guess I am not gaetting any games Lol prepare your wallet if steam severs are this way I wont have to The webstore works decently still slow but it loads been having more issues with it in the last half hour torchlight like the multiplayer tag not showing games etc golf it oh dark souls on sale do it! OHHHH 7 days to die on sale holy crap no one wants that though as a reminder I already have it you guys are lameeeeeeee esp raza who dosnt want it oh zain lets play i put it in a place where it can't be installed completely negating any possibility of me ever playing that game on this pc ? anyone game of league before I have to go to work? Lol that Zain rly wants to dodge not now, at night id say yes but gotta go to the post office left 4 dead on sale for 2 bucks lol tempted to get bl1 just to play it again anyone down to try it w me? why not just play the pre-sequel instead? xD TRUE man why do ppl keep giving rekkles kennen he's just so good at it Pre sequel plz I heard 1 wasn't as good as 2 I thought 1 was better than 2 1 was still solid 2 was a better game Tru It's not that 1 is bad yeah 2wad just better It's just that 2 took everything that made 1 great and made it better How's pre sequel? no idea It's cheap enough that idc if it's amazing I played it for like 40 min But still I I c lol 89 minutes Problem with this game is it's too hard to line up scheds damn to actually make progress your face is a schedule no matter how you slice it, we aren't around as a group of 4 consistently yeah we replace robert with kin sometimes ^ wait who has the presequel you and i do raza does 4-Mar kin does sean does 4-Apr kin's beaten it tho sean won't play with us Lol I should get it so basically it'll be me, raza, Roberta, rudy not me i dont' have it it'll be zain and raza somemtimes roberta never kin never tony The problem is there are like almost no pick up and play 6 player games Kin and Tony won't be down lol Kin at least Tony has a child now u gotta respect that so your saying fuck kin kk guys i gtg let me know if u make a good decisions No no one's fks Kin He fks us Y coming back Zain U* at night going to get ready then heading to class i'll be back at like 10-11pm so u guys probs won't be around Lol likely cya Pce Lol peace we won't lets try out dungeon defenders lol rudy we have it its pretty repretitive don't we back dungeon defenders 2 or 1? The free one zain linked k downloading LOL are we playing dd2? cow get sanctum 2 its 2 dollars hell i will buy it for u Eh I can get it myself no worries What was the removed game only local multiplayer towerfall ascension this stupid steam still has functionality down no more top down rpg plz id rather play path for free and i hate path i hate torchlight too lol splinter cell blacklist multiplayer? wurms looks so lame vermintide maybe.... anyone aroudn to play league eating first found the perfect game for tony Welcome to Soup Co., Astroworker! As an integral part of the Soup Co. family, your mission is to explore the remote planets in search of tasty ingredients to make the galaxies most delicious soups [...] everyone gone again? lol lol wtf I don't think anyone else was here to begin with well zain and cow last time someone other than us said something was rudy 2 hours ago and prior to that was also rudy and that was at 5 lol o well yo Cow? Looks sick So down iz basically diablo 2,5 join disco if avail gg Late what do you mean join if you are free grim dawn is basically like diablo but not the reviews are really good Looks cool I'm down to get it anyone still around yes discord what are you all doing potentially league rudy r u there? Sup ]u wanna finish science? also this Uhh sure XD Fits ROFL this is so good Wtf is this lol Also ow they decreased loot box duplicates holy moly thank you Jeff sup roberta do you guys want to try The Division for 6h? sure holy shit 50gb let's discuss first do we really want to try this game wait no it wasn't? nevermind I retract my statement 40GB itll probably take 6 hours to  download Simple & Clean- Tropical Remix XD lmao that one I remember that why strangely every version of this song is good yeah but this was the weirdest one it lends itself well to varying tempos including bouncy robot and it keeps getting weirder ahaha these are actually pretty creative well as in was used in games S'up boyz My comp skype is bugging out rip that was the best version which one? Also simple and clean is best song of life the remix that was in the game the planitB remix Don't get the division ah thanks Robert, I didn't want to download 50 gigs XD that was sused in the psp game I liked the short version though not the full one yeah anyone want to pre sequle tony nah I'll pass u can play with kin and raza keep balance of lvls and quests is gonna be a nightmare im starting a new character for occasions like this so i don't just get dumb op Sup hi how was your science earlier? Good Figured out the level we were stuck on last time nice good sciencing! Didn't notice the drop point in level 3 mhmm you need a good partner in science who isn't trying to kill you  Hey I helped We made a good combo grim dawwwwwwwwwwwwwn DAUUUUUUUUUUUUUN Dawnnnnn so u guys wanna do something did anyone figure out a good game to buy Nope Found a bunch of good games but none to buy Cause I'm cheap Dawnnnn aka you found nothing You suck no you suck. No no No to your no To my science partner in crime mm I'm headin gto sleep early today goonite fellas Night Nite rip everyone diparino? yup so sup wow wu your awake anyone wanna play board games this weekend apparently vermintide is 5 bucks on amazon poor roberta ? ignored ^ yeah sorry robert pretty busy this weekend i'm sure raza will drive up fori t though LOL i was out all day dont hav time ditching raza tpical roberta damn robert ditching raza again #Heartless typical robert so sup zain nuffin taking some meds for my rekt stomach so will probs crash want to game? welp anytime randomly but it's okay I can game in my sleep I've developed it the power over years of training! so disco? check mate rudy they can't play without you why are you being so difficult legit you can play you just want to judge so nope nah I'm actually busy sure plus i can't rejoin the caht so sup zain what you busy wtih hey anyone around sup nm bored whats up with you guys hi sleepy that moment when your group mate opens the work of the derpy guys,  to clsoe it 2 second later and reassignign it immeditly gg last week we tried to figureo ut what he did for 15 mins and gave up this week we sped up the progress looooooool effienecy rip disco? ok 5min sup sup grim dayun for kaiba not bad so Zain whats up hows it going meh sleepy Your face is meh as usual mm disco? down for some chillaxing game? ya kk disco? anyone down for some payday finally finshed downloading that shi payday hypeee wanna play tony and zain if u around lemme check if I have to cook for parents hi wanna play? let's wait for toni to come back no tony rip the cooking kk dohe sup Sup everyone went to sleep rip the cow the only person left who sleeps at 3 am anyone down to paly some ra3 did u guys figure out of that game has multi? Didn't check Bad rats been waiting all day for a bad rats stream come on guys Lol U start It Zain U have the most experience oh shit did i miss the giveaway yeah i'm looking for fellow streamers to take tips from i heard Rudy was a pretty big figure in the Bad Rats mythos Sup everyone's ded and no Bad Rats stream sad times Start one Zain Support the game i did my time what about you Robert? raza I didn't like World of Cultivation Honestly I couldn't even make sense of what was going on in the first few chapters All I gathered is that the main character is zombie faced and can make it rain I don't own Did u get Ra3? perhaps if the pay is good i'm in Ra3? Ya Red Alert Don't u already own. It Zain pull Lul* No clue Apparently everyone has it on origin 0.0 Well if not. We can always bad rate Rats i'd be down for a game of league before i head to bed tho anyone interested? if we hav 4 sure rudy? I'll pass How was chilling with henry good we had fun relaxed and discuzzed well rip on league kk guess I'm just gonna head to sleep then You got robert good nite guys Night hi my mom called o shit peeps be chilling with henry? i thoguht he left town already lul rip everyone asleep yup what a shame... time to play darkest dungeon ! sup hey cow diablo on sale gg d3? yeah 20 bucks for both d3 and reapers damn not bad and 15 bucks for necro lame not worth plus inventory slots all the inventory slots wu time to play path]\ get the expansion?/ no it comes out in 2 weeks] time to take a week off work soon LOLOLOLOL like thats going happen
LOLOLOLOL you going trap your mom in dq using baby traps? than go home and pla path? its going to prob come out on a Friday too fml ripppppppppppp so wahts up wu lol you say that as I log onm to dark rip nice talkking to you see you next year c y a gg he'll never get out of the dungeon dungeon ---> path --> dungeoing in path --> pathing while dungeoning yeah almost died again lvl 5 dungeon not a joke always lucky? ran away of course 80 gold quest? wu? lol I like how tony was playing darkest dungeon 12h again at this time and he's still playing darkest dungeon XD ? ??? ??????????? it's okay tony it's ok how is oreo ? hjes good hes so big now send me a pic facebook? ya sup hi I wonder when Tony will let sick of his dog... never man doggo is his bff Lol his baby Moreno Ike o shiz playing wild hunt? is it good? yeah it's hella good where is all im down for some league kins on too cool oh i need to update raza/tony? rudy? league? In a bit when u coming? i might get dinner first if its long go get dinner let's wait a bit for these guys if no one joins we can just gg lol tru Afk let me know when ready that doesn't work when we're all afk Well I have my phone So once starting is being considered just mention it here i think you misunderstood what I meant but ok we'll go with that strat alright we got 4 now we just need to make sure all 4 are around I'm eating Il be 10 k sup guys and some say robert is still eating Robert stopped eating? never wanna do some ow boxes? did you want to game? disco? ow boxes hypee theyre done? tonii come carry us in payday after eating kk so uhh payday we still playing that or can I uninstall lol we played it and then everyone left after a while LOL welp Where'd everyone go class / work Sleep Raza carried us in pay day you should play with him I was level 0 in a stealth mission with no silencer guys check out disc0rd can't tell what the icon is ah screw you that flight of the conchords joke xD those group names tho is no one else Robert's friend you got steve oh shit Robert's doubled the number of friends he has everyone else is a Skumbag you guys are part of an elite group nah i'm teh sleepy guy 0*2 = 0 o guys what about insurgency 0*2 = 0 its like a buck and like mini shooting missions i don't like these types of shooting games welp i tried because the game is too realistic everyone just camps so if you try to do anything at all you basically just get rekt fuck it i'll just stick to zains suggestion of grim dawnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn my suggestion is to go to sleep oh its like missions against ai oh there's coop as well? think so been awhile since i've played it i remeber going against ai and getting owned 4 player? yeah 5 coop game mdoes where you and yoru freinds team upto completed mission based objectives starcraft is getting remmastered gg lol yeah yo zain sup zain hi... sorry was makingsoup wth did u do with the friend groups lol Robert just be happy you have friends lol shouldnt everybody hi guys the heck is everyone idk anyone wann aleague? sure I think Robert is MIA I think so steve and kin invited everyone to a game before but no one was around so they ggd tru tea party Rudy's probably (insert depressing thing to do) because group I was gonna say drinking a lot but I figured I don't really know if that's his coping mechanism he drinks but not to cope he drinks because he's a cow hm well doing whatever he'd do after that group thing is over tannuo says sure to league why no bad rats never stream never give away never lucky tony league? lol I went to sleep sad life very sad I saw that Raza YOU SAW THAT ZAIN
YOU SAW THAT Damn right the fuck XD YOU SAW ZNOTHING BUT THE TRUTH damn right u guys wann aplay something Eh none of the other ones were at all useful Though they have an entire Coldplay album worth our something Couldn't find a sad one either woah they have Head Full of Dreams damn solid album btw Doesn't this version of Nandemonaiya sound different than the normal movie version like it's more acoustic or almost live or is this a cover? it sounds so good especially towards the end Might be going out soon so can't commit to playing something Haven't seen kimi no na wa yet oh ok sup can we stop using skype it takes me 2 min to load just use disco pls no lol lol rekt :/ toni y you always reking ppl ??? game anyone? negative stomach rekt atm lol you taking that medicine didn't help rip never lucky sure what agame guys ? raza disco? tannuo So tony what's up first day off in a while feels good man Naice On a long weekend too? I'd thought you would be busy for sure lol yeah anyone for league? sup WAIt WU YOU GOT THE DYA OFF WTF . hey yeah . . . . How was day off fun I have another day off today too hypeee hype doing antyhing fun? nope I am a boring person did you want to boxes later? k disco? erm gimme a sec civ? Tony so spoiled it's like he doesn't even job So Zain s'up nm wazza roberta Nmnm Is steam sale still on debating getting battleground i think last day but that game was never on sale Rip Btw anyone saw baby driver? Very recommended yeah It's good oh man this was hilarioud we should do it watch the last 2 minutes doublelift is killing it maybe the reward is the person taht wins doesn't have to chip in for the nuggets ... What kind of retarded 8:13 XD so who wants to do something riipperoni What to do what to do Ignore zain Go to tannou house How was everyone's long weekend ? league/ow? go ow with roberta? almsot done I'm down can't wait to spectate disco? Nawwwww Down to crash tannuos place tho If cow drives yes drive the opposite way to drive robert to do dishes might just be worth it Lol yo tony is there any point in not opening hs packs I have now or does that pack update apply only for future packs the ow box fix only applys for future packs hs maybe the same? apparently the contents are generate when you get the box not when you open I have no idea, I am keeping them don't rly need cards until then ayways anyone around not really S'up boyz anyone down for some league? sure says tannuo then just leaves I said i'd be back at 10 10:04 is 10 exactly confirmed Gg wrecked by tannuo  He just didn't want to lose with me  rip never lucky I got star guardian jinx  So kind of lucky  Time to main jinx  So what's up Tony  nm going to work soon probably you? Working Rn prbly gong home soon  How's Oreo?  good hes getting rlyu big Is it hard to feed and walk him yet?  erm no hes always so hungry and also loves to walk alot Hey man if your ever tired of taking care of him and want to send him a shelter let me know  Faith is waiting on that moment  LOL like wu will give up his dog HOLY YES YES YES DOOMFIST COMING TO OVERWATCH  Can't wait to have another tank to play with  Nvm he's a offensive hero lol  why woulnd't he be a offensive hero and all you do is play offensive heros LOL Though he would be a tank  Looks like more difficult genji  I leave this shut to Kin lol  she... changed ?? she changed. mhm @Zain would understand  I doubt u guys even listen to her  @rudy with the lame music tastes  And @tannuo with even worse music taste  OW WOWOWOW fuck you she didn't change lol shit talk everyone at one go 3 hit combo  anyone down for a game? sure gotta reboot brb lol robert do you even know what happened to her? No...  good on her to come back after that though I'll let you google it It's pretty sad K let me see  Here's a link to a summary The hug denial ring?  Thing  lmao no read that link Ahhhhhhhh any1 wanna play league? sure Down  probably going to have to show us a bigger commitment like logging on finally upgraded ram from 6 to 16 can now run league hearthstone and runescape all at once without laptop dying feelsgood That cost like a quarter of a new laptop though it does but I needed it hmm you should have just bought a new lappy probably anyways wanna league? who is on me raza kin nvm you are uninvited ? for being a dick I'm opening league with my 16gigs of ram </3 get on disco instead So tannuo u can run 3songs  Games  But each at 2 fps right?  2.5 fyi hi game time over? rip haha anyone here listen to the Killers Nah but I am Mr brightside  On top of that it's fucking hilarious I love it Who's the man? tony's dog what tonyah hey sup watching na eu same yeah defentily tony's dog always surrounded by girls, check always working out check disco guys? don't need no advice, i got a plan, i know the direction, lay of the land sure naw got to go to work soon worth slackkkkkkkkkk rip toni YO WU GO PRESENT FOR ME INSTEAD lol do it toni can't log into disco of course coe on w come on wu* remember to somehow use that line from the big short Do you smell something? Oh I know, it smells like...
Opportunity! I do use the word opportunity OK GOT ON DISCO oh dude what do you think about the new expansion and want to game after i'm back zain? sure when u coming baq ow anyone? uhh i think the thing is 3-4 depending (werid i know) probably after dinner too be honest ZAIN BATTER UP free hopefully sup guys yo i took a nap LOL same slovenly bro disco happy birthday Robert Don't have a happy birthday Robert! Happy Birthday Robert. Too late I just came home from a... Gathering lol  Thx doe  Sketch I like it disco? cult gathering * It's the time to disco dadadada so does that ...Gathering have anything to do with Tannuo disappearing? tannuo's dying message simply said Robert is the killer. I wonder what it means.. it was actually can we go and than he went Lol whattttt I would never kill tannuo  Off to bed pce guys  Highly suspicious ROBERTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT hbd Ty bbg np bra Working today?  ofc I am T.T Np bra lolol Aww wanted to see Oreo today  O well hf fun  so doing anything fun rudy check disco we should play that game Define fun  not hanging out wtih Robert  ^ U guys r so lame  Was going to ask if u guys wanted to come over to chill but screw that  LOLOLOLOL join disco Hey Roberta Naw I'm out for lunch lol  so you were never goign invite us over is what you are saying and just said that to be a snake Lol I'm free now...  rudy is insulted IM SORRY COW id be down to hang out like now lul LOL i iget home and everyone dipps :/ best just best lol anyone down for some gamign soon just going out to grab some foodz have been cleaning cuz my mom is coming back today Gg chores  baq what's up Ow with bad ppl  So much cancer  don't do it Last round of this nightmare lol  how r the chores zain well i have to choose whether i want to vaccum and mop or... not LOL well ez choice vaccum! Not! decisions.. so guys wanna do something or nah? I did now I gotta go to dinner lol  aite enjoy your dinner and zain gets ditched again I offered to play earlier...  and when he asked whenhe needed you most, you ditched him so game guys or nah everyone's always missing group of ditching and humble bragging lolol who's humble bragging now? Wtf is humble bragging  it's a thing that tony invented it's when you say something seemingly humble but you're actually bragging actually rudy did but ok actually it was me but it was based on you disco? sur coo coo coo coo coo coo watching john wick, downloading john wick 2 nice john wick 2 is epic get yer pop corn Why aren't you supporting the creators! bad tony! first one so inaccurate, didn't show puppy going nuts every hour having to pee and stuff Yo wu, robert, disco? robert do u wanna go hang at tony's house rudy will come I would come too but I've got to pick up my mom whenever she arrives hmmmm sounds like excuses Rip lol I went to kitchener to spend time with faith  True group of ditching  Not even going to deny  Just too busy weekends lol way busier than the week  Anyone free this evening?  Look at Mr popular Hardly I didn't get one gift just a dinner lol  Dinner is a gift Ungrateful kids  African children would kill to get dinner on their birthday  LOLOLOLOL this cow  Is quite rude  You laughed so it's comedy Suckers anyone want to chill at 8 today? erm lets see if I can get day off yeah sure I should be fine disco robert? sure Robert I WANT TO COME OVER AT 8 YES Tannou: I'm not gay I gas Jews - 2017 whazzat cards against humanity? A quote  anyone around? nope snaked so hard by robert how lol I'm like the least snake so everyone ditched today? still haven't listend to teh cd one of those days lul broshi broski i just did today in the car classic jams idk i saw your message that you didn't GGGGGGGGGGGG SNAKED what what no no way gg this is like the whole grinder thing and not telling your gf all over again yo noones heres right nope 7 days to die seems good if i remmebeer  ultimate chicken horse was pretty scummy Chicken horse looks fun  hiya guys anyone around? yup hi u wanna play something ds3? Dunno eating soon kk either we're having biryani or making biryani and having pizza there's a pretty big gap there naaah back discord? lethality op Tannou only goes for hot korean girls confirmed  bet you couldn't do that to their renekton Not fed enough  his name is tilt enemy adc not tilt enemy renekton no it is actually masterrightclick also he tilted their enemy midlaner tilt enemy adc is in the lands of low priority once again y u do dis tony's on discord your face is on disc0rd it is you think Robert and i will come running just because you mention tony?! well you're fucking right Ditch  I'm not coming lol hf i will join after a bit maybe k Zain are you still around? tilt proof group of ditching and humble bragging tilt proof group of ditching and humble bragging and chains u can run u can hide but u can't stop the chains  u can run u can hide but u can't stop the ROOOBERRRTT just... just chains  ROOOOOOBERRRRRRRRTTT! skumbags + chains  skumbags + chains... once again  Anyone around for a game?  ???  Is he into kpop now  Lolol the gif he sent yesterday  My phone decided not to send it Send it plox  The person's ign he killed was hot korean girls Sketch........  ROFL I never noticed the name  nearsighted ones too and you thought i was crazy Once upon a time I did  I mean u were the one to buy apples to apples  Well last time i ever do anything for your birthday ^ Lol hey I said once upon a time  Dw now u make coolest friend status  anyone down for a game? btw jotun is free if anyone is intereted Hype another game for zain to stream Cow breaks the silence  S'up cow  Sleepy so sup roberta Hopefully Il be back home soon. Stuff I need to prep for tmrw  Food? What food?  If u mean tmrw I need to prep teaching materials lol  Prep it boop it bop it Wtf you teach Sometimes ool How's life cow  U were afk for a few days  What do you teach and where o.o Lol some church classes nothing fancy  anyone down to play some rounds? rip > ? noone answered still played tho wanna play some cow? league so much rip lol rip sure if yoru still there Hf with razw cow  We lost alot lul  ditched </3 Work tmrw = rip  rip 11 have enough tie for another loss Soz bro tmrw  No proble, good night COWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG They Fking shut down the Frickin pixelmon mod  Wth  lol rip real So salty  Dam it pkm y  sad life and you finally got it  to work Wait you take church classes I assume you've been doing this as a kid is there still more to learn?! or is it an eternal learner type of thing still take and teach soemetimes lul ya kinda gotcha student of time anyways whats up zain been mia for like a week lu nah I've been around explains the dead chat cow y u no talk to zain?! what a terrible friend i'm so sad oh so sad and oh so lonely sup zain sup nm quality league? (After we wait for Zain to come back) see you tomorrow than so in 58 minutes? wait rudy isn't playing league wtf is this shit I've been scammed Trololol Scammed by raza  scammed by the yung cow rudy we're all waiting for you I never promised a cow therefore I can't be accused of failing to bring a cow. we demand a cow we demand a cow we demand a cow apparently Zain wants to spend some quality time with you cow. Ate too much Should go back to sleep Kin says he needs you as well Wtf is this bull shit  Gimme 5 you're a 5 outta 5 aye whats up guys nm that low key brag sup? Wassgood peeps  And raza why is raza separated from peeps is this chain-ism? prejudice against chains, you've sunk to a new low Robert. Man I was waiting all day for a response so I could say it's a rwby quote  Or joke rather  Been binge watching that shit  LOL sad life roberta This whole chat is sad  I Ment dead  But yes I am sad to be stuck at work lul  always? No just slow day and I'm tired lul  How's life cow  =.= my brothers like why didn't you include labour supplies, which he has on a separate program not on excel zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz its ok its like saying why didn't you include this in the thing i did for you, when you don't have access to the information in teh first place Sounds like your fam alright lol  Tensions are high among cows this season  I want to purchase more board games but don't even have peeps to play the ones I have now sadlife LOL treure life best life we totally played your board game Lol I wish  I'm not a hater like tannuo but apples to apples definitely isn't my kind of game  Either that or I wasn't drunk enough  10/10 did not drink enough Next time  I do the carpool lol  And next time stuff tannuo full of rum then he might enjoy  lol you drive ggggg i'll need some life insurance LOL let's drink at your house  No way his parents wold sue you right?  Nahhhhhhhhh If anyone is down for Board games tho  Imagine us going to a bar ROFL I CAN'T EVEN  Also just slept at work lol rip Fridays  dude exactly why we should pulling a wu at work eh What's a Wu at work  Drink?  sleep Anybody around?  Raza is a nobody confirmed  ....yes Ggnore i know rite Why are all so dead Guys get your shit together u wanna play something Roberta? because no tony no life? haha did u wanna play something raza? nah maybe later alright i'm going to go read then if I don't respond assume i fell asleep k Soz im still out lol  How r u awake cow  Go to sleep  i swear my messages get so delayed from the phone ROFL dis cow  Just lags too much  lag lagg hi rudy. so sup everyones up early Yes I slept at 5 and woke up at 10 TRUE Yes yes.. why you do this to yourself because rudy TYTY preping your presentation? nah done that when arey ou going present it to everyone PRACTICE next week psh practice is for the weak it's okay man :') so what's up rudy how are you doing and how come no one plays board games with Roberta RIGHT  My 100 dollar investments  because roberta is too op for us at a workshop LOL lets never play it worth oh what are you workshopping case writing? i think nice i''ll get backto you right? good luck though and enjoy drink some coffee write some cases all in a day's work for cao man my coffee is gone save me Y u no pay attn at this workshop!!!  psh he's a cow what's he going to listen to at a human workshop i am so guys rip lead singer of Linkin Park so sad first Chris Cornell yup sucide RIP and now Chester Bennington Chester... Rip  Literally  sad part is their last album was actually really good I heard people hated it  Yeah the hardcore LP fans but Heavy ended up being one of my fav songs Invisible was really good The title track One More Light was also really nice Actually all the songs are solid Heavy was quite good but negative wise I though the critics didn't like it  I didn't like Heavy when I first heard it But it really grew on me It's like one of those albums where there's no song that is skip worthy You can kinda just listen to it straight from start to finish Il try it  I think you'll really like it It fits your music sensibilities Their singles are amazing never listened to the whole thing  I don't think Cow would like it It's a very pop/electronic style zzain knows ^ are you the man though I am the man with the plan I'm the man tony's dog is the man. He is  He is  Tony is the tagalong oh btw cow I think Cage the Elephant have a new album coming out soon any good? they're launching singles pretty good 2 are out so far hmm i'll check it out late later* It's really nice stylistically It's very Cage the Elephant but at the same time not Kind of got a Beatles vibe oooooo sounds interesting Sweetie Little Jean and Rubber Ball remind me later ^ cool remember You're the man you know the score like the back of your hand them other boys, you don't give a damn so what are you doing tonight Zain? I'm being the man Why do you ask? Bold date invite  Should I leave?  No you can stay Robert but you can't 3rd wheel unless you become the man your supposed to say wahat we do every night, takign oveer the world COME ON I'M BORED OF DOING THAT EVERY NIGHT I ALREADY TOOK OVER THE WORLD lame thats a lie lets go to roberts and not play his board game. ez I think that's a pretty skumbag move so only wu will show up What  U guys r lame  spilled coffee on myself t-t i've been betrayed Uhh excuse me says the one trying to betray me  ? what i do u trying to betray peeps like oh oh oh oh oh ma judas Sup You are the one that is trying to betray this group DUN DUN DUN and deflecting it on me anyone for tilt? always tilt rudy is too busy workshopping to tilt The cow works the hardest  yup totally not on d3 or anything Go chill with Zain  nah he's too busy hi rudy how are you? I don't like my cow right now, ditching convos like they're so unnecessary, wish that I could chat things out, I wanna talk but there's comfort in the silence... and i drive myself to sleep, thinking cow's playing diablo 3, yeah I drive myself to sleep cause I can't escape his savagery i took a nap LOL sup what'z up caoo eatng sup disco? 5 min pliz hi Lol that disc conversation  hi robert join disco rob hurt? Gonna be out till like midnight... Rip  So tires  Tired  so popular Lol I wish  hi guys aye hi Wth y u up so early  wth why aren't you at church if you joined the call you would know, but guy be too busy I am lul and I was busy soz  Got home at 11 30  >.> WE WERE STILL ON GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG And then I had to watch shows with the gf and sleep early so I can make church class lul  Whatcha doing now???  Presentation?  workshop who do i look like Zain? So much alike  das racist thank you How was church class teaching That was a one week thing lul  How's your class?  still here t-t or are you still there IT IS I WHO IS HERE or there everywhere? nah too much wrok holy shit that's like something i would say riip idk my workshop perso nis a bit derpy, tells us to do work, and gives us the passwrod to the completed work seems like a trap and i have people sniffing credit cards beside me SAVE ME been pretty productive, learned to make a boat What???  What????  sup? boats lots of boats Rudy's face is a boat rudy mc sface boat das kool how was your workshop meh prety boring how was your day ye have you heard this from the league album thing it's actually really good nope sounds like a disturbed song Wow a whole week almost of silence  Mist be a new record  Literally best gift for Rudy's birthday  Or tonys li'l  dead group Everyone turned into a zombie  It's the apocalypse  oh yeah tony doens't have skype ???  Who doesn't have Skype these days?  wu lost his hotmail account #hackedbynorthkoreanspy or he got lazy to verify Sounds like what Tony would do Too true  He couldn't verify cause he lost the backup account too, I think. Lmao u cant be srs this acutaly happened? rip Yes Also quite surprised Simon is alive lul  Yeah man I'm alive...ish tony play path expansion? Too bad the chat is dead. Is it that time of the year when Tannuo and Tony exiles themselves sounds about right path expansion too op yeah it's that time to play that game for 5 days die and get burnt out tony already burnt out though? he did play beta Is discord still lit? Lol  ? Do peeps still game with each other lul yeah not all that much though last few days were just tony and tannuo playing path Lol figures  Did u check out ornn? Seems interesting  I just found out about ornn very supportive unit More items ur team can buy lul  yeah And never have to B lul  he can't be good by himself or else he'd be broken Each player is limited to one of these upgrades. okay it might not be too bad anyone here alive? wow I was one minute away from a full 7 days of silence for this group Almost broke the record sadlife  the first part of my last message then was at 10:09 but the second was at 10:10 :/ Ghost town Best Hs clip So apparently Tony is in Nb?  Yeah he is there to find his future waifu Lol well we all know the chances of that happening  He took his dog with him. Which means higher chance  It adds a buff Man, what happened here... death I go for like 2 weeks and you guys kill all the chains all the skums all the recruits history? yes the greatest and best history in the world so what's up? sorry little bit busy tonight let's chat tomorrow some time k ROFL Zain come says hi then dips immediately  Skumbags at its finest  that seems to be a trend around here psh I was actually busy Car battery died zzz I blame tony Tony is the root of all that is bad  Car bat? 0.0 that's Rip but cheap to fix no?  no its pretty bad :\ he like needs to venture forth into the lands of outside, where there's fresh air and dead bugs. pretty difficult As opposed to inside where there's stale air and dead bugs Well he's in Nb right? So there's fish too  And maybe girls  How's it hanging guys Nm bored Sums of my last three months ^ Much rt But Simon u make da monies  What do u have to complain about  Having no social life. Not that I had social life before.. But yeah And it's not like I'm making that much :/ he's just humble Simon is rolling in the $$$ being paid by the canadians and the koreans Spy money? are you guys using the new skype why can't i see my contact list anymore? Don't think I am and how come everyone that is not online shows as offline in the group chat Because I forgot my password Weird That is weird my new skype is pretty normal  so how was your edge of the eclipse? nice that's more than I thought you'd get 70 percent in Sauga  cool we dead again? i hav to say the new deathmatch mode is mad fun aye Look who's alive hi simon how's it hanging? that was short lived short but sweet just the way i like my simon that was intended to be 'interactions with simon' but since no one called me on it i'm just gonna go with it nah once the convo's dead it's gotta stay that way no one likes zombies jared leto's bringing the joker back in the form of music do u believe raza? ? in what? don't ask so many questions to be fair the first do you believe was pretty impossible/improbable so no hehe okay I've got to go make some Daal oh here's a fun tip for you raza next time you're making rice walking on water probably isn't in my future throw a small cardamom (lychee) pod in there or maybe 2-3 uh huh really adds a nice aroma to it ilaichi yes sir lychee is very different that is the one yeah man honestly i find the brown names for the food so confusing my mom keeps saying adrac lasan uh huh like it's one thing Can I ask you a serious question? What exactly is uh huh? I don't really understand what emotion or sentiment you're intending to convey Is that like a sure whatever type of uh huh or a go on, continue it changes ah, it's just a bit unclear. I use it for both sentiments but when you use it without context it's unclear which sentiment you're trying to express one is very dismissive and the other isn't It's not a very nice thing to do. so convenient though Extreme example, but imagine if I responded flava flave to things you all wouldn't what the fuck i'm saying or why that's a very extreme example in that I don't believe there's any context in which that would make sense unless specifically talking about him and then I'm like, flava flave, bro, it ain't about that uh huh makes sense in a lot of contexts but it can be confusing as to which meaning is being conveyed over text because no tone cues Exactly! I suggest adding punctuation well in that context I'd assume you just refer to all your friends as flava flave uh huh... like i'm not sure where you're going with this or uh huh! but then you'd know which one I mean like I get this! Exactly I can't be dismissive while feigning enthusiasm The idea of discussion is to understand one another you're a quick read raza taking the fun out of everything! Anyways, you work on this problem, I've got daal to attend to what problem? The problem of uh huhs and contextual ambiguity, come on. I JUST gave you a compliment on being a quick read, and I already have to redact it. I don't see it as a problem It's the direction from which you're looking really Okay, then that will be the first problem we will tackle The problem of us not agreeing on whether the use of uh huh is contextually ambiguous. I was right in that one is ginger and was unsure if garlic was also in there etc the two are really inseperable I disagree with that Strongly. If you take a bite out of a piece of garlic in your food You're like oh.. garlic. well in the sense that people say : adrak aur lehsan. a LOT If you take a bite out of Ginger... Your reaction may not be that pleasant. yeah At the least indifference, moderately bewildered, and at most gagging. adrak is ginger lehsan is garlic I say go heavier on the garlic and lighter on the ginger. Not as healthy, but if you're suddenly attacked by a vampire thooo Though I am a fan of making Ginger tea small bits of chopped ginger as a topping for Haleem / nihari? I wouldn't use it as a topping But rather as a seasoning in the salaan Let the flavor get absorbed well I call it a topping because usually you see it sorta sprinkled on top of those dishes Ah I don't really have it in a powder form with some dhaniya and stuff not in powdered form And crushing it is somewhat annoying like really thin strips Yeah I really just don't like biting into a piece of ginger ah So I guess that's just me then guess so I like the flavor overall but in combination with others Not front stage and center My mom loves it though so I usually add it you should get to your daal tho game after? Yeah I really should Uhh probs not k trying to avoid this gaming thing ah since I've already got it out of my system and skule starts in a week simon 2.0 yes as an aside, have you ever had a ginger shot? Those things are hella spiiiicy no It's like a small concentrated amount of ginger water sounds kinda bleh Usually mixed with turmeric, apple cider vinegar or some sort of pepper They may look delicious but I assure you They do not taste that way. yeah I don't doubtit's healthy i don't intend to try it You should, it's an experience! Also, I've recently taken a strong liking to Almond milk I used to think it tasted like cardboard was the above added tony, tony or something more akin to Rudy's recent additions to the group But now it tastes like an ice cream wafer to me uh huh It was one of tony's multiple skumbag accounts He used a fake email address because he's a silly billy you're lactose intolerant right? Yeah I usually drink lactose free milk As it's essentially normal milk with a digestive enzyme added to break down the lactose In short, it's not actually lactose free it's 99% lactose reduced and now almond milk and in terms of evolution, humans weren't really intended to be drinking cow's milk That's why there's actually a large portion of the population that has trouble with milk It just gets worse with time Or in some cases via some sort of bacterial infection / anti-biotics in terms of evolution we weren't intended to be doing a lot of shit That's true, when we go down, we all go down together Rudy taught me that. yup team effort kk food timez later guys cya Tell Simon, Rudy and Robert Hi. i'll try? they're all in this convo. eid Mubarak raza Eid Mubarak you too you too U too cow  hey rudy, Zain says hi hi rudy i gtg bye rudy eid Mubarak once again raza peace aye thankz Wassssup zain Hello Simon Nothing much Doing nothing on the long weekend!?!?  U guys should go to the cne  spending time with famz I has no fam to spend time. With rip  Outside of my room is too dangerous I c nothing worth  Wanted to try flame in the flood but that's it  truck driving tho what you don't wanna play left 4 dead with rat people?! Wtf is that?  Trucks are lame  Vermintide yeah vermintide seems pretty interesting U guys gonna get it?  it's pretty cheap anyways I got it last week lol i got the 1 dolllar stuff for one day Leggings  Leggo lol  Mad fun game  y u no play with simon raza Trying to get as close to beating nier as I can before I have to return it Y u no play with Simon Robert? i dont own lol i just got the bundle for fire in the flood Tsk tsk  not willing to spend 4 dollars to play with simon ikr im too busy with the new star guardian mode anyone down for te star guardian mode? how is it? hella fun kinda hard yeah got to the end got rekt Lol yep  with a premade conditions hard to meet now if u can fnd a 5 I so down so I can get the fking quest over with well assuming everyone joins we got 4 nvm gotta pick up parents soon il be on later k cya and some say he never came back -_- like ur ever around cow Yeah but you pulled the old im going buy cigarettes and never come back move on Raza  Smh  I'm mia for like a month and this happens a month LOL So what's up o shiz looks like a civ party where the old starcraft battlefront has multiplayer again starcraft battlefront? starwars lul the 2005 version -crickets- maybe one day robert will show up ?  oh shit you are alive wahts up people! Bro I saw u a week ago  Sup guys
 planning trips fancy guy nah i'm an amateur compared to you finally going to visit Robert? nope visiting my sister and her dog so going on a trip to meet a dog eh worth yup hey boys i found a league like game that has diablo controls anyone want to try it master x master never heard of it Guns of icarus is free on humble bundle it looks pretty fun  free game any fun? dunno but free Has good rating so assuming yes lol  so does bad rats so it's probably amazing the day Robert started ignoring zain ok everyone is on brb rendezvous at 7:45 back back as well talking to dad k will be a few min brb gonna play some BL2~~ nah join us for werewolf it's fun back seanie join we need u I like how he needed to bold that lol i can't join call xD sean u host call click the big call button do i have everyone on my list? click click did raza get rekt? :\ now u can't join? lets see its aight ima go to hentai games yay Robert is here seanie join screw hentai games na kill werewolves be insomniacs play for 30 min lol until tannuo gets back xD we need 4 fucking skype lol or u host call us seanie its aight ill play hentai games be the hero we need xD but not the one we deserve CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL naaaa CALL DO IT DOOO IT DOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ITTTTTTTT fuckkkkk rekt you can't leave YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ok guy si guess we wait till tannuo comes baq bck rip tannuo always leaving everyone left tannuo because you left lol WOw tannuo op don't u know everyones here only for him lel the real glue that holds  this group together ya it's clearly not tony simon or rudy it's not me it's not raza I thought the glue was the fact that Zain is going to buy everyone overwatch therefore it can only be kaiba woww Robert said he would buy me 2 copies of overwatch of which I will buy 1 copy for someone else but in all honesty, if someone buys me overwatch, I will buy them overwatch back that's a terrible deal so if Roberta bought me overwatch, he would by proxy also be buying someone else overwatch 2 people would end up with this shitty game overwatch xD how about this I Zain this game called 7 days to die if you buy me 7 ways to die and Zain buys everyone else this great game called 7 days to die I will find 7 ways to kill you worth I don't have to go to work if I die rip but you making really good money $$$ $20 an hour and you work like the whole day LOL I make money GG I volenteer on top of that you are being paid almost twice what your coworkers make you make 20+ an hour right so I was using your wage as a standard rip everyone left? im sitll here but ya pretty much Zain tannuo Robert Tuesday hang out evening? sure sorry tony can't make it working dtown on Tuesday + don't have the car zain dont have the car oh shit like this tues? if u mean tmrw sure I can be there leaguearino anyone? wait sean I thought I kicked you Werewolf Skumbags apparently not you added him back right before we started the round with tony and robert i thought this was a hentai free zone or something? it is new link fresh at work so cant actually play yet but yeah make everyone get swap permissions when starting out mhmm make a back up copy incase a hentai troll comes in you can roll back in case he does anything that's the beauty of google docs oh ya? but make a backup anyways... lol i never tried rollback on google docs before that oh ya? was a challenge accepted wasn't it? lol I've already made 5 backups lol Because that's how much I distrust all of you That means I actually trust 2 of you lol I wonder who those people are... WEREWOLF insomniac!!!!!!!!!!!! doki doki hiya dokidokiwakuwaku league guys? im down if we got peeps Sure steve is here so we hav 4 if u guys r down aight go on raza? yup r u on and I just don't hav u on friend list no I'm not yet logging in anyone hav fiora tips when ur about to be ccd press w we need 1-2 more brb 10 minutes back ill be back in 5 more minutes anyone else even around? alive and fapping sup hey guys anyone still here? me Me sorta hey tannuo hey raza hows it going? Alright... Surprised you're awake yeah I have to stay awake till my parents are home i donno yo watch draft i might lose this gonna draft again ok lets do it skyoe Did u want to hang today or Thursday who is here INSOMNIACCC sup hi reague boyz? sure kk damn thse guys always leaguing well im alwyas playing hentai games. I think u need some diversity yeah? says the league players.. you know we don't only play league plus i'm not even playing league oh? ha gay wat u on bitch (not that there's anything wrong with that) didn't go through much hentai today considering how much i progress the hentai game When you're so hentai that you use it twice in a single sentence #SeanMechanics Also you're missing a lot of grammar in the latter half up there 10/10 Could not follow theres a fucking kirby cafe yo sup all the werewolf skumbags in the house? hi nope just 3 seanie have u talked to timmy in a while I think he wants u to come over anyone wanna play anything? seanie wants to play hentai DAMN HOW DID I KNOW I read minds is that an invitation to his bed? sure if u are willing do u guys want to play werewolf when we get 4 aasure wil you guys play 7 days to die when we get 7 Zain needs graphics Only if you buy* it for everyone and then import some Chinese gamers to play in our steed LOL but it 10/10 zain you didn't see anything 0__o are you being racist saying I am Asian I cant see anything in your steed? oh I was hoping you would say that so I could say your face is a steed! and yes tony I was being racist rip i guess i have to play 7 days to die and die alone don't do it tony play league instead LOL or csgo LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL ok bra come on man we can play ranked 3s so much fun 1 game bronze next game challenger challenged* hehe anybody around INSOMNIAC!!!!!!!!!@@@@@@ ? hi reague anyone? sure don't you have work tomorrow? took rest of week off might as well make the most of it lel start one without me ya same gimme like 20 min I didn't even know u were here i thought i kicked u lol this is the werewolves group we should probably go back to the other one? lol pull it p seanie are u there everyone else is away it's so weird it's like they have lives or some shit Rip the zain? Like Mad rip? gg And raza u too lel Robert you must understan I have no friends =( will u be ma fraind? I was always :DDD Dw I'm all kindness ofc anyone here read a lot of discworld novels? Why yes I do please be friends w/ me It's that thing about that stuff.. with events that occur in a specific order leading up to some form of conclusion definition of novel? anyone for league? or werewolf I guess I don't think anyone's arund :/ nope no but on a serious note although I haven't read discworld one of my friends strongly recommended it i assumed so oh shit I mean one of my acquaintances I don't have friends oh? ya actually that guy in particular is a little strange we are individuals who chat occasionally rather than friends in that we talk every now and then but never actually hang out i see tannuo I heard it was rly good the anime was garbage VN is really goood i can attest the seanie was hentai I was so proud of you yesterday spent a full 3-4 hours not playing hentai the game is good tho lol i was playing hentai yesterday but i was also playing BL2 & KF but ya back welcome back play the hentai game i suggested above its great That day Sean spoke of Hentai. But he was ignored by all-- except one. One amongst us is a hentai werewolf Our task is to identify this individual. Discuss. its tannuo duh like whats there to discuss but I personally think it's Raza because it's always Raza what happens if there's a tanner? i'm still surprised you remember well no shit we fapped together remember? ... no that was not an event that occurred oh my bad but good to know where your mind is at i sometimes get reality and fantasy mixed up btw our plans for next time are cancelled no specific reason or date they're just cancelled is this related to the hentai matter? No... not at all.. oh i see. Related to this So it's related to your desire for the MTV? Yes. Look at them yoyos that's the way you do it play the guitar on the mtv that aint workin! that's the way you do it -_-
'money for nothin' and yer chicks for free LOL INSOMNIAAAAAC we need to get timmy into this shit too I think he would be a pretty good player he plays too much CS GO yeah we can bait him while I play too much hentai do you remember that one time he fell asleep on the couch and we couldn't wake him up then you put on CSS and he suddenly rose up Lightning Bolt AWP skin. Join skype call for it LOOOOOOOOL mean what are the other rare ones? that orange/white one? idunno man I don't play that game anymore i don't either but the youtube videos are fun to watch yup also fun watching tony get rekt playing the game is terrible however game is proverbial cancer ye but friends keep wanting me to play CS GO and also overwatch hear that zain overwatch? ya i'ma play overwatch too when Robert buys it for everyone I'll play overwatch when I'm done playing all the hentai on my computer. But sean infinity isn't a defined time wtf how do u stil hav that LOL this is from yest. Zain's gotta get every penny Hey Simon's back from the dead welcome back Simon Welcome back scumbag (>^^)> No no simon isn't a scumbag what? he's a NK spy he just can't be trusted playing a hentai game, without the hentai league anyone? sure kk anyone for game? Sure LOL simon just left HOLY SHIT ANX beat ROX yeah ANX could come first they are guaranteed first right? oh no guaranteed to pass so league? sure not guaranteed first at least guaranteed second I'm sad tho no four way tie break for group a group d is my only hope? lol well the rest might work too select your role did skt lose to any one? nope only group a today well technically it could still happen for each group but a and d would be the biggest clusterfucks SHENZHEN I/O sec someone give me an account pls Hudson I cnt play on your account lol I couldn't cast E the entire lane phase lol sec got lose at bf1 first LOL bf1 best friends number one? fucking 2 kills - tony 2016 and he'll make the other team pay for it make me do all the work press r and win nah ol nice game rito I disconnect for literally 2 minutes reconnect and finish the game toxiq? and still get 5 toxic games holy shit LMFAO TOXIC happy birthday did you go around trick or treating and telling everyone it was your birthday to get more candy? I dressed up as a killer clown I see with or without chainsaw? jk I dressed as tony pink shirt ridiculously high undercut with my hair drooping over I see I did meet a killer clown, when he realized I was a Tony, he ran. He knows you don't fuck with a Skumbag. Clowns can't afford the tax Let alone Killer Clowns, they don't even get regular gigs i see and tony works at dq he got a stable income Yeah, that's no laughing matter, even for a clown. don't fuck with the queen specially in canada Killer Clown: I try my best to kill people, but that tony guy is reaching a much wider audience with his blizzards. He kills them slowly and painfully. I can only aspire to be as effective one day. -- Killer Clown , n.d. Hey Zain I got unofficial title now...security consultant & project manager fancy does it come with a raise? Lol I wish Congratulations. Help yourself to a beer and treat us to beer too ^ !! Fuk that drank hard liquor already Anyone remember the time Tony got punched by Samer ? Raided alcohol stash at work lol LOL to both Changing my ign: Punch by Samer Lmao we should get tannou to do it he has the ip as soon as he sees my name and we queue hes going to say kay guys checking my soup lol 13900 name change.. >< yeah why I said tannou should do it you guys should update your clients its pretty how is it? WHY WOULD THEY MOVE THE LOG IN wait there's replays now o.o yeee free now I can watch how bad I played, woo? I was happy before the replay system Could forget about my shit plays ayyy now you can die with it Who wants to get better? not Zain that's for sure Well said this new client is so weird its laggy o.O it is// haven't noticed replays are kinda laggy the store and chat yeah the replays are fine for me old store was laggy too thats true oh god ate too much gg wonder why cause i'm fat X D store just takes a bit to load YOU DONT HAVE TO SAY IT you cant purchase rp and runes are glitched a bit that's fine saving you money good guy riot I don't want to purchase rp you should buy Zain his birthday present I don't like the ip icon it's weird looks like sex Nice Simon Now you get to deal with all the joys of being a PM zain jon the call again and patch t'll take all night anyways yup that's why i'm not a pm anymore i'm in the PMO suck it HI zain hiya hudson done ttyl peace Leaguing? yeah holdon  only 200mb data used not bad that is not bad Ur playing on data... ya League doesn't take much doe Per like 40 min 200? nah played 2 games ~200b Robert if ur here we got 3 on OW woah everyone's done yup ironically my download just finished haha tony went to sleep and tannuo disappeared tannuo vanished op kk I will try it on sunday iv ic meh might as well try one round now anyone up for 1 rip gg yes plz Zain? whats ur user? Anyone down for a game? rudy is buzy rudy doesn't have time for your shit Robert, he's got cow business to attend to Serious beef lol this is a Kobe level game don't bring farm level antics to the court Sup hi hhows your work shop Not enough work So what's happening I donno wanna hang out and drink/food? or do you just wanna wait till tomorrow w zain I thought this was tomorrow Got another one tomorrow, so civ? rudy overwatchh? Don't have it downloaded I don't even have enough disk space for that lol Gg 5gb left lol did you guys wanna do something else? guys download overwatch it's actually super fun! ^ hey guys so I was right about ow appanrelty apparently apprently Appperienteliay 7% battery ftw 30 min go bus ride Will my phone survive, or die trying. leggo hiking guys new HP movie let's watch it. sure hitpoints? harry potter? the laptop brand? queston when is ow free over? tonight I think game? think everyone else is still away lol their prbly at tonys house having wings wnana play some ow raza? I want to practice my mccree wait roberta why didn't u come? I didtn know u guys were meeting LOL ow? LOL tony: didn't know ur free we've been talking about this like all Friday/saturday O.o ooo I was not at my comp like the whole weekend and u guys didn't type anything lol anyways Zain ow? in a lil bit g'night goodnite guyz oh I went to get something to eat btw and my league crashed i was so down to play with the yung trynd oh well when he's done